I. Microsoft starts rolling out a Windows 11 update that adds access to Windows Copilot and,. All You Need to Know About (Large Language) Models
What is Bing Chat. Google Search caught publicly indexing users' conversations with Bard AI
Non-tech companies are seeking AI talent and offering six-figure salaries. Here's who's hiring &mdash; including. Sources: OpenAI is pitching investors on a possible share sale that would value the startup. Researchers detail a cross-origin attack affecting Chrome that lets a malicious site read pixels from. How does ChatGPT actually work. Provocatively, Microsoft Researchers Say They Found  Sparks of Artificial Intelligence  in GPT-4
DALL-E 3 Announced, Photographers Can Opt Out of its Image Training Data
Matplotlib Tutorial: Let's Take Your Country Maps to Another Level
Researchers from China Introduce A Large-Scale, Real-World Multi-View Dataset Named 'FreeMan'
The AI 'Age of Uncertainty'
German news anchors fall victim to deepfake in AI-driven investment scam
Microsoft Researchers Introduce Kosmos-2. Scan it. A writer whose AI-assisted essay went viral reflects on testing GPT-3 early, Sudowrite's novel generator,. Researchers from Seoul National University Introduces Locomotion-Action-Manipulation (LAMA): A Breakthrough AI Method for Efficient and. Andrew Ng: The AI Text Revolution Is Coming to Images
Shortwave's AI-powered assistant lets you ask questions about your email history
Mastering the Art of Prompt Fine-Tuning for Generative AI: Unleash the Full Potential
Forrester's 2024 Tech Leadership Predictions About AI, HR, Budget and Manufacturing
Amazon leader says new Gen AI Alexa is a 'super agent'
Learn AI for Free in 2023: The Expert List of Resources, Guidance, and Announced AI. OpenAI's ChatGPT Unveils Voice and Image Capabilities: A Revolutionary Leap in AI Interaction
Meet ProPainter: An Improved Video Inpainting (VI) AI Framework With Enhanced Propagation And An Efficient. Accepted job offer as a Data Analyst
Anyone complete Google Professional Machine Learning/AI Engineer Certification. Is Rust a thing in ML. You ever start a new job, and feel like you have no idea what is. Designer Jony Ive and OpenAI's Sam Altman Discuss AI Hardware Project
The Reversal Curse: Uncovering the Intriguing Limits of Language Models
Hollywood writers' strike ends with first-ever protections against AI
Microsoft Researchers Propose AI Morality Test for LLMs in New Study
Web Scraping News with 4 lines using Python
What software can handle large data, SAS or R. Challenges of Detecting AI-Generated Text
Optimizing for Taste
Anyone facing this in your organization. Revolutionizing Panoptic Segmentation with FC-CLIP: A Unified Single-Stage Artificial Intelligence AI Framework
Coding Stable Diffusion from scratch in PyTorch, with full explanation of the maths behind diffusion. Akamai launches new cloud computing regions in Asia, Europe and the Americas
Why Microsoft is Using Nuclear to Fuel Its Data Centers. Does AI have a right to free speech. Only if it supports our right to. The tools I use save. Join in. And Half By AI. What kind of algorithm do you use the most as a data science pro. You can have voice chats with ChatGPT now. [D][P] AI Phone Call API built on top of ChatGPTs API
Exploring Julia Programming Language: Unit Testing
What's wrong with this picture. Harmonizing Digital CX Channels: The Four-Quadrant Synergy Model of Chatbots and ChatGPT in Modern. 5M in seed funding, launches AI-powered enterprise data platform
Dataiku Introduces LLM Mesh with Key Partners
Looking For The Best AI Art Generator. Look No Further. AI Will Threaten It
I asked ChatGPT what he thought of our open source project. Here's what it says. Sources: Meta plans to release AI chatbots with personalities, internally called Gen AI Personas, across. A Hackers' Guide to Language Models
How long will a loved one live. It's difficult to hear, but harder not to. Here Is What To Consider
'The economics of trading equity for compute are not great'   Mistral releases its first. Get ready for new. Meet the A. I. I. ' Here's What It's Like. Bard conversations turn up in Google search results; Google says Bard lets users share chats,. Interview with Mark Zuckerberg on Threads, the future of AI, Quest 3, his rivalry with. I. Imagery
Generative AI stickers are coming to Meta's apps along with AI editing
Meta Brings Chatbots, Image Editing to Social Media Apps
Simulating Conversations with ChatGPT
10 Trending Topics Coming to ODSC West 2023
Qualcomm announces two new Snapdragon chips for next-gen headsets and smart glasses
Mark Zuckerberg on Threads, the future of AI, and Quest 3
What is artificial general intelligence really about. The guy who designed the iPhone and MacBook is reportedly talking to ChatGPT boss Sam. Meta Rolls Out Higher-Priced Quest 3 Headset, Just Ahead of Apple's Vision Pro
LLMs and Data Privacy: Navigating the New Frontiers of AI
OpenAI eyes share sale that could triple its valuation to $90 billion, behind only ByteDance. OpenAI says ChatGPT can now browse the internet and it's  no longer limited to data. Protecting customer trust with AI is the future of e-commerce
Meta Unveils New Image-Generation Model, AI Assistant as AI Race Heats Up
Meta Says Instagram is Set to Receive AI-Based Editing Features 'Soon'
Will AI kill our creativity. It could   if we don't start to value and. Unlocking the Power of Session State in Streamlit (1/2)
Warner Music Group CEO Says We Should Embrace AI in the Music Industry
LG Gram 17 Pro review: a discrete GPU, lightweight at 3. What is Google Bard. How Does Stable Audio by Stability AI Work. Why the AI Race Is Getting Weird
The US DoD awards Palantir a three-year $250M R&D contract for AI services, building on. Predicting Poverty Reduction in Nigeria: A Machine Learning Approach
Using language models for code generation works better when limited to a specific domain
Cyberpunk Multiverse
[R] UNC Researchers Present VideoDirectorGPT: Using AI to Generate Multi-Scene Videos from Text
Meta AI's Long-Context LLMs: Redefining the Landscape of Natural Language Processing
After Strike, Hollywood Writers Secure Guardrails Against AI
Getty Images Has Launched a  Commercially Safe  Text-to-Image Generator
Data Access API over Data Lake Tables Without the Complexity
Hands-on with ChatGPT's image recognition and voice features: image recognition isn't perfect and refuses to. Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI celebrities interacting with fans could be a 'next year' thing
What is Model Merging. Balancing Act: Tips for Cost Optimization in AWS Data Lake Architectures
Poetry (Packaging) in motion
Mistral 7B Beats Llama 2 13B on All Benchmarks
10 best practices for securely developing with AI
ChatGPT Got Internet Access. Anyone else struggling to switch jobs. Generative AI News This Week - Cloud Wars and LLMs, NVIDIA Revenue, Mailchimp, Hubspot, Intuit,. New open source LLM Mistral 7B outperforms larger Meta Llama models
Medium will aim to block AI companies from training on posts published on Medium until. Will AI kill our creativity. It could, if we don't start to value and protect. How  Correct  are LLM Evaluators. The newest new thing. Continuous feedback platforms that keep bad results tied to AI code. Making AI More Accessible With LLM Alignment, Prompt Engineering Skills, and a 2-for-1 ODSC West. UK quietly dismisses independent AI advisory board, alarming tech sector
'Biggest act of copyright theft in history': thousands of Australian books allegedly used to train. 6 to build a conversational interface for security tools
Can AI code. I. A. G on confidential data
Report: Jony Ive and OpenAI CEO Raise $1B to Design the 'iPhone of AI'
[N] First Impressions with GPT-4V(ision)
Prompt Engineering Tips, a Neural Network How-To, and Other Recent Must-Reads
Blend uses generative AI to give you a personalized clothing guide
UiPath's cofounder uses GenAI to write poetry. That's just the beginning
What comes after AIOps. ; OpenAI Quietly Develops Customizable. 5 million in Pre-Series A funding
This is a data analyst position. [P] Hands-on open-source workflows for voice AI
Enhancing AI robustness for more secure and reliable systems
Canada university names first-of-its-kind chief AI officer. 0
An Alternative Approach to Visualizing Feature Relationships in Large Datasets
Navigating the Mind of GPT: How to Elicit Clarity and Avoid AI Hallucinations
OpenAI May Be in Big Legal Trouble
The Hollywood Writers AI Deal Sure Puts a Lot of Trust in Studios to Do. Here's how
Pilot is a social travel hub that uses AI to help you plan, book and. France's competition authority says it raided a company in the  graphics cards sector  as part. With AI tools, soon. I. We'll make one for you for Hacktoberfest. A Practical Introduction to PySpark
Are you an HTML expert. Find out with the new State of HTML 2023 survey
Google lets publishers use a robots. txt flag to opt out of the company using their. Why Meta Is Betting on Snoop Dogg to Win the AI Chatbot Race
This AI Paper Dives into Embodied Evaluations: Unveiling the Tong Test as a Novel Benchmark. ChatGPT: Everything you need to know about the AI-powered chatbot
What is Left for OpenAI Dev Day
Researchers from the University of Washington and Google have Developed Distilling Step-by-Step Technology to Train. This AI Paper Proposes LLM-Grounder: A Zero-Shot, Open-Vocabulary Approach to 3D Visual Grounding for Next-Gen. AI Docs
Sources: the UK is pushing Google, OpenAI, and Anthropic for unprecedented access to examine the. Fine-Tuning Models using Prompt-Tuning with Hugging Face's PEFT Library
Is GitHub Copilot a Game-Changer. Character. 7M Series D from state capital operator Shanghai International. Nvidia offices raided by French competition authority
Machine Learning pays 15-40% more than Data Science - why. Big Fancy Company Has No Clue What Data Science Is
Looks like NVIDIA got raided by French antitrust authorities
Quoting Andrej Karpathy
The Beginning of the AI Phone Wars
Meta Connect 2023: Reporting Live From the Metaverse   Again
Data Science for Beginners: 2023 - 2024 Complete Roadmap. How to use Google Bard: What to do and what not to do
Los Static Site Generators. HTML y CSS Vanilla. Stack your Enterprise's Odds for Success: AI Pilot to Production
Applied Intelligence Live. A New Free AI Tool Makes Creating Charts Easier Than Ever
OpenAI offers a way for creators to opt out of AI training data. It's so. Nvidia's French offices raided for anti-competitive practices: Report
A crisis of spending and cloud-based GenAI
Applied Intelligence Live. In the age of AI, is. The synthetic social network is coming
How AI Helps With Education Automation And Management
French AI darling Mistral's new LLM can teach bomb building   researchers say that's a. Interact With Your PDFs Using Python
It's not just you. Is this the double descent phenomenon. Bing Chat vs. Google Bard: Which is the best AI chatbot. R. Updated. Cohere's Command Model Now Available on Amazon Bedrock
Can generative AI solve computer science's greatest unsolved problem. 5 Turbo and Claude 2 on. 5. How AI Changes 3D World Building Forever. Now you can chat with ChatGPT using your voice
Things I've learned about building CLI tools in Python
Meta in Myanmar, Part I: The Setup
Generative AI News This Week - Anthropic, Amazon, OpenAI, ChatGPT, Bard, and Many More
These are the 10 most popular jobs that pay more than $100K, study finds
You can now try DALL-E 3 in Bing's Image Creator for free
Getty Images Unveils a New AI-Powered Image-Creation Tool: Revolutionizing Visual Content with Generative AI Technology
ChatGPT Could Put People Who Write Essays for Cheating Students Out of Business
Deploying Your Machine Learning Model to Production in the Cloud
AI This Week: The Hollywood Writer's Strike May Have Ended But the Battle Over AI. Is Metaverse For Real. Dev News: Deno's New Queues, AI Plays at Cloudflare, MongoDB
Meta Quest 3 Shows Us the Metaverse Dream isn't Dead Yet
How to Use ChatGPT's New Image Features
Here's how to stop Google from using your web content for generative AI
Is there a market for Small Language Models for specific jobs/domains. Anaconda's State of Data Science Report Report Reveals Surge in AI Upskilling Among Data and. Why I Joined Dev. ChatGPT's new browsing feature is worse than search engines
Inside the career rise of Sundar Pichai, the Google CEO being paid hundreds of millions. How Large Language Models are Redefining Data Compression and Providing Unique Insights into Machine Learning. What are the first things you analyze in a new dataset. Get Your Mac Python From Python. [R] Drive Like a Human: Rethinking Autonomous Driving with Large Language Models
Which Real Time Instance Segmentation to use in 2023. What are some data-related roles I can work as. Any advice. Meet CodePlan: A Task-Agnostic AI Framework For Repository-Level Coding Using Large Language Models (LLMs) And. The Pixel 8 is Google's best opportunity to bring its AI ideas together under one. A man was jailed for using AI to create hundreds of sexual images of children
Data Science for Beginners; 2023-2024 Complete Road Map. Highlights for every ICCV 2023 paper
Which ML model does Apple use to generate stickers in iOS 17. How much can artists make from generative AI. Vendors won't say
HTML for Front-end Web Development
An Introduction to the Problems of AI Consciousness
This Research Explains How Simplified Optical Neural Network Component Saves Space And Energy
[D] Struggling to get interviews what to do. [D] What exactly are the compute requirements for training a dense model versus an MoE. Stable validation curves on NLP project with BERT
Is it possible for AI to deeply analyze importance of thousands of daily news. Tinder goes ultra-premium, Amazon invests in Anthropic and Apple explains its new AirPods
Generative AI Service AWS Bedrock Now Generally Available
Sam Altman says AI systems will automate some tasks but also lead to 'new and. Data science for beginners Detailed Road map for 2023 2024. Struggling to get interviews what to do. Arxiv [D]ives - Segment Anything
Elon Musk announced a huge give away for Bitcoins, limited time. Video Highlights: Vicuña, Gorilla, Chatbot Arena and Socially Beneficial LLMs   with Prof. Workers are worried about AI taking their jobs. Artists say it's already happening. That's probably not a good. 11 creative ways to use GPT-4's vision features in ChatGPT
Neuralink's First-in-Human Clinical Trial. Amazon Bedrock Generative AI Model Offerings at AWS Get Llama 2 and General Availability
Do models still matter. Data science coming back again and ML dying. [n] Introducing r/AudioAI: Any AI You Can Hear. What was used before Random Forest. How AI can be a 'multivitamin supplement' for many industries
what is the job security for a data scientist in canada. 0
7 Incredible Features of GPT-4 Vision
A Week of Monster Generative AI Releases
How true is this. [D] (How) Can you estimate inference speed of a NN model on given hardware. (e. g. [R] SOTA of Deep-Shallow Encoder-Decoder LLMs for fast inference
Making Boston Dynamics' Robots Dance
[D] How many instructions can LLMs handle before they start to ignore them. How Big Tech is co-opting the rising stars of artificial intelligence
Researchers from China Introduce DualToken-ViT: A Fusion of CNNs and Vision Transformers for Enhanced Image. Snappie: Using AI to create websites in the snap of a finger
Top 5 AI Tools for 10x productivity
Deploy Any AI/ML Application On Kubernetes: A Step-by-Step Guide. 7
6 Libraries in Java for Machine Learning
Meta's Llama 2 Long outperforms GPT 3. Explained. Tom Hanks warns fans that an AI version of himself in a dental ad was. ChatGPT Can Now See. Mind-Blowing Ways People Can Use Image Recognition. Limited time left. Tested Dalle, created a monster. How do I make the Openai API message output in real time. [P] NanoPhi, Implementing some of the success of Phi-1. 5, with GPT-2(124m)
Advice for Intern - undergrad engineering student with a little cs background - already accepted. 6 million gas-powered cars due to potential car fires
A Deep Fake Tom Hanks Is Promoting a Dental Plan, But the Actor Has 'Nothing. The Assumptions You Bring into Conversation with an AI Bot Influence What It Says
JPMorgan's Dimon Predicts 3. 5-Day Work Week for Next Generation Thanks to AI
Generative AI will far surpass what ChatGPT can do. Here's everything on how the tech. I. Vulnerable Arm GPU drivers under active exploitation. [R] Efficient Streaming Language Models with Attention Sinks - Meta AI 2023 - StreamingLLM enables. I. Chat BigQuery using English
How In-Person Training at ODSC West Can Give Your Team the Edge
How much carbon pollution is in your product. 25M seed to answer. Generating AI Images from your own PC
Google Researchers Launch an Ambitious Project to Map Mouse Brain: Paving the Way for Understanding. 11. LAION Calls for Less Regulation on Open-Source Generative AI in Europe
emoji. is
Optical Flow with RAFT: Part 2
In This Love Triangle, Apple Picked Google Over Bing. But Why. 6 Bad Habits Killing Your Productivity in Data Science
Optical Flow with RAFT: Part 1
Social media has new moderation problems. [D] How do you scale computational intensive Python scripts. [D] What kind of distribution is this. This week in data: How to create or destroy value with generative AI
Can AI Beat the Market. Google Can Only Search For 'Metaverse'
The Role of Predictive Analytics in Shaping the Future of Healthcare
Tips for Successfully Navigating Beginner Data Science Job Interviews
AWS Announces the General Availability of Amazon Bedrock: The Easiest Way to Build Generative AI. End of React. The Download: Big Tech's big AI bet, and crypto's day in court
Microsoft's Nadella: Google could lock up AI-enabled search
Stability. GPT Pilot - a dev tool that writes 95% of coding tasks [Part 2/3 -. Barry O'Sullivan wins European award for AI contributions
Microsoft's AutoGen framework allows multiple AI agents to talk to each other and complete your. How to use ChatGPT
Job Trends in Data Analytics: NLP for Job Trend Analysis
OpenAI Announces ChatGPT Voice and Image Features
How Can We Trust AI If We Don't Know How It Works
This square-shaped robot vacuum may be the future of cleaning, and it's got the AI. 5 days a week. Frec, which uses AI to let customers create their own investment strategies, comes out of. Power BI or Tableau. and why. Effective unit-testing in Python   with examples
'Beware. LWiAI Podcast #138 - DALLE-3, YouAgent, Gemini, NExT-GPT, AI book labeling
Visa Creates $100M Generative AI Startup Investment Fund
Researchers show how easy it is to defeat AI watermarks
How often do you use Operations Research (OR) in your work. S. The speed at which this company works is. [R] Break-A-Scene: Extracting Multiple Concepts from a Single Image
Infinite context windows. Streaming LLMs can be extended to infinite sequence lengths without any fine-tuning. 12
AI copilot enhances human precision for safer aviation
Zoom unveils collaborative document editing, featuring the ability to include information and AI-generated summaries from. Celebrating one year(ish) of Stable Diffusion. and what a year it's been. What is Generative AI. The entire story of Twitter / X under Elon Musk
MrBeast asks whether social media platforms are  ready to handle the rise of AI deepfakes. Code in the latest build of the Spotify app suggests the company is working on. Anthropic in Talks to Raise $2 Billion From Google and Others Just Days After Amazon. The UK's Independent Publishers Alliance urges members to block OpenAI and Google crawling, as OpenAI. How about both. New book explores the line between man and machine. Generative AI Apps Struggle With Retention and Engagement [Charts]
Just got a Data Scientist Job Offer. For real
You can now use the DALL-E 3 AI image generator inside Bing Chat
Politics and responsible AI: Mila's expertise highlighted at ALL IN 2023
Do you just learn on the job. This is what I'd do if I could learn how to build LLM from scratch. Is AI in software engineering reaching an 'Oppenheimer moment'. Here's what you need to know
AI co-pilot enhances human precision for safer aviation
[D] Biggest problems with ML in industry. Canva unveils AI tools to automate labor-intensive design tasks, and will pay out $200M over. The cost of living is extreme, but. 0, and. Meta's AI stickers are here and already causing controversy
Zoom Docs arrives to take on Google Docs, Notion
SoftBank's Son Tells Japan: Adopt AI or Get Left Behind Again
Video Game Voice Actors Are Ready to Strike over AI. NET
Google announces new AI-powered features for Pixel 8 series, including Best Take, which lets users. 'Electronic tongue' holds promise as possible first step to artificial emotional intelligence
#ECAI2023 in tweets
Think before you speak: Training Language Models With Pause Tokens
It is up to developers   not builders   to make AI safe, says Mistral. Using a Knowledge Graph to implement a DevOps RAG application
You Probably Know GANs, But Do You Know How To Train It. Google just announced the Pixel 8 series phones &mdash; here are the key new features. the competition: From Tensor to temperature sensor
Google Pixel 8 vs. Voice actors raise more concerns over AI-generated counterparts
Meta rolls out AI features for advertisers, like using AI to create backgrounds, expand images,. Test-Driven Development with AI: The Right Way to Code Using Generative AI
The Complete Guide to Amazon Bedrock for Generative AI
This Research Paper Introduces Lavie: High-Quality Video Generation with Cascaded Latent Diffusion Models
Google supercharges its Assistant voice app with AI, hinting at how the company sees the. Job listings on LinkedIn that mention AI have more than doubled in the past 2. When building out a matrix profile for a time series, what tests can be used. [P] Using pre-trained models as features. Eye On AI: OpenAI And Anthropic Aim For Big Valuation Spikes, Visa Looks To Join. Why skepticism is your best protection
Scalable spherical CNNs for scientific applications
Microsoft Unveils the Potential of Large Multimodal Models with GPT-4V(ision)
Can Large Language Models Revolutionize Multi-Scene Video Generation. Meet VideoDirectorGPT: The Future of Dynamic Text-to-Video. What are Query, Key, and Value in the Transformer Architecture and Why Are They Used. I've been waiting. 25. Check Out This Novel AI Approach. Sloan's Inbox: How to connect with folks over Open Source. What Can Java Do for Machine Learning. Meet Silicon Valley's Generative AI Darling
[R] Tensor Programs VI: Feature Learning in Infinite-Depth Neural Networks
Google AI and Cornell Researchers Introduce DynIBaR: A New AI Method that Generates Photorealistic Free-Viewpoint. Adobe teases next-gen AI tools for image editing and object manipulation in a few clicks
Reka launches Yasa-1, a multimodal AI assistant to take on ChatGPT
No, don't do MS Data Science/Analytics (without a math brain  )
Snowflake + ChatGPT Integration
Demystifying Database Security: A Guide to Teaching Non-Experts
[P] Open-source project to run locally LLMs in browser, such as Phi-1. 5 for fully private. [D] Thoughts on current Vector DB landscape. appoints Leadership Team
LA-based Machina Labs, which wants to use AI and robotics to build  software-defined factories , raised. Intern Insights: Dr. Why Do We Need an OpenAI of Europe. 10 Kubernetes Best Practices in DevOps   without ChatGPT
Zen JavaScript. Nvidia GeForce RTX 4080: The Re-Review
Adobe teases new AI photo editing tool that will 'revolutionize' its products
A neural network method for satellite anomaly detection
Generative AI Is Coming for Sales Execs' Jobs and They're Celebrating
AI content editing is the hot freelance side hustle as businesses and individuals look to. What's one hard thing about being a data scientist. Microsoft Announces More AI-Focused Development and Management Tools at 2023 Power Platform Conference
The Prompt Optimization Stack, an Overview of LLMOps, and Using Synthetic Data for LLMs
Notes on CLIP: Connecting text and Images
Emerging Threats: Securing Applications in the Age of Language Models
When is a PC an AI PC. How Close Are We to AGI. Here's. Can Large Language Models Self-Correct Their Own Reasoning. Maybe Not. generate-sitemap 1. 9. 2 Released
Can AI Save Crypto Investors. Fine-tuning LLMs with PEFT, LORA, and RL
Challenges in enterprise generative AI
Dell Technologies Expands GenAI Lineup for Enterprises
Versa Networks leads in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant  for SD-WAN
Every enterprise plans to increase AI spending next year
Virtual try-on tech is tackling a $280 billion problem in fashion retail and offering customers. Transformers   Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained
Self-Supervised Learning Using Projection Heads. Multi-Dimensional Exploration Is Possible. javadoc-cleanup 1. 3. 7 Released (minor bug fixes)
4 AI-powered photo and video features on Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro giving us. [D] Adapting OpenSource GPT Models - requirements/possibilities. Bayesian recommendations. 9
[R] Meta researchers present method for decoding speech from brain waves
Observe Turns to GenAI to Bolster Observability
How Nvidia, Intel, and Qualcomm are pushing back against the Biden administration's plans for further. AI is transforming organizations everywhere. How these 6 companies are leading the way
3 ways AI is revolutionizing how health organizations serve patients. Can LLMs like ChatGPT help. If AI is the future of your business, should the CIO be the one in. This Week's Most Read: Developing an 'AI IQ' for Business Success
Study: AI, Overcoming Data Hurdles Key to DevOps Automation Gains
Generative AI News This Week - Meta's AI Adventures, Bard on Assistant, MrBeast, Cohere, LinkedIn. Speed Meets Sustainability: Dr. XGBoost 2. Probably not. You've Hit a Wall in Your Data Project, Now What. Bard vs. Russia is probing an alleged plot to kill Putin after getting a tip about a. We weren't prepared for how big ChatGPT would be, says OpenAI CTO
Meta pays top dollar for celebrity AI twins
Webinar: Learn how to fine-tune RAG and boost your content quality with Zilliz and. AI Summit New York: How Businesses Can Adapt and Apply ChatGPT
Can AI be a force for social good. Embracing the Inevitable: The Era of AI-First Companies
UK's Information Commissioner's Office issues a preliminary enforcement notice to Snap about concerns that My. Meet PIT: An Implicit Self-Improvement. com Cheat Sheet for Statistical Programmers
Business owner 'hires' ChatGPT for customer service, fires the humans | National Post
Elevate Your Search Engine Skills with Uplimit's Search with ML Course. Source: Microsoft plans to unveil its first chip for data centers that train and run. What is a foundational model. What title do these roles and responsibilities fit into. Harnessing AI for a Better World
Experiment Orchestration From Scratch
Is NVIDIA Abusing Its AI Market Dominance. EU Probes into NVIDIA's Overwhelming Control in the. Researchers from China Unveil ImageReward: A Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Approach to Optimizing Text-to-Image Models Using. Is it common to do computer vision without using the opencv/cv2 library. AI This Week: AI's Threat to Creative Freedom
Microsoft's Quest for the Next Killer App
Men are getting rich from AI. Women, not so much. Best Vector Databases: Open Source Wins Again. Large Language Models (LLMs) can aid healthcare, but privacy remains a hurdle
Researchers from Tsinghua University and Microsoft Introduce ToRA: An Artificial Intelligence Tool-Integrated Reasoning Agent for. I. in the wrong. Researchers turn to Harry Potter to make AI forget about copyrighted material
DeepMind's 'remarkable' new AI controls robots of all kinds
All You Need To Know About The Qwen Large Language Models (LLMs) Series
The Noonification: Is Nvidia Abusing its Market Position. 5 Generative AI Use Cases Companies Can Implement Today
Quoting Dave Lee
Internet And Shadow Groups
How Can We Optimize Video Action Recognition. Unveiling the Power of Spatial and Temporal Attention. A Deep Dive into Prompt Engineering for Amazon Bedrock
From Internet of Things to Internet of Everything: The Convergence of AI & 6G for. Top AI Adventure: OpenAI Residency
AI hallucinations and can influence search results and other AI, creating a dangerous feedback loop
Google Assistant is have a Windows Copilot moment, and it's all thanks to AI
The He-Man Singularity Set was ahead of its time. Chroma: A Comparative Analysis for Managing Vector Embeddings
[R] ToRA: A Tool-Integrated Reasoning Agent for Mathematical Problem Solving - Microsoft 2023 - Is. js)
about becoming a data analyst: almost 40y, no degrees, no experience in tech/business/office jobs, am. What do you guys believe are some important skills you need to have in order. And it worked. Meta AI Researchers Propose Advanced Long-Context LLMs: A Deep Dive into Upsampling, Training Techniques, and. The open web hasn't given in to chatbots yet
The race is on for tech's 'golden goose' &mdash; the iPhone of the AI era
Data Machina #222
How much data engineering do I need to know for Data Science. 0
It was not  Good First Issue
Have I fk'd up my career. [R] GAIA-1: A Generative World Model for Autonomous Driving
[R] What is the current SOTA for image to image translation. Brain. js for Beginners
Do All the Roads Lead to Rome. Five Things GenAI Can and Can't Do
Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce Promptbreeder: A Self-Referential and Self-Improving AI System that can Automatically Evolve. The answer may. Preparing a React course in public - Raw HTML + CSS
Exploratory Data Analysis: Data Visualization
New AI algorithm transforms 2D photos into 3D maps
In-depth Understanding to Optimize the Performance of Artificial Neural Network
Are Microsoft and OpenAI making moves to enter the AI chip market. How do data scientist managers manage data scientists. How do you expect CV to grow in the coming years. Get started with Amazon Bedrock for Image Generation - Part 1 Generative AI
Multimodal seems to be the next AI Hype
[D] How to fine-tune LLM for text generation with regression quality metric. Can AI choose the best one. What data science tools have the best user experience. Quoting How up-to-date is Claude's training data. LLMs trained on voice, text, and video chats can now detect and mimic emotions like. 3: A Mistral-7B-v0. 1 Model Trained on Orca Style Datasets
How a Better Dataset Creates a New SOTA Model. [R] Identifying the Risks of LM Agents with an LM-Emulated Sandbox - University of Toronto. What advice would you give someone starting out on learning to collaborate on large projects. Is it possible to automate the labeling of strings of text. How to validate data. Poe API v2
What is currently the most in demand Analytics/DS by Healthcare institutions (hospitals, clinics, big pharma,. Aware unveils Industry's Most Accurate Risk Assessment Calculator
Can We Truly Trust Artificial Intelligence AI Watermarking. People look down on me &ndash;&nbsp;literally and figuratively, but I've. What is the best package /approach for matching text in python. ai Review: The Best AI Voice Generator in October 2023. How to write a YAML configuration file. How do AI chatbots like ChatGPT work. Here's a quick explainer. 6 Reasons Private LLMs Are Key for Enterprises
[R] Why do we need weight decay in modern deep learning. 5M+ users, loses an average of. Your Dataset Has Missing Values. Do Nothing. ChatGPT boss Sam Altman says he's had an 'internet troll streak'
ChatGPT's mobile app hit record $4. Google Cloud expands Vertex AI Search with features to help health care workers pull info. 0 Big Data Paradigm
[R] Language Agent Tree Search Unifies Reasoning Acting and Planning in Language Models - University. js
Learn how to effectively use ChatGPT with this $30 guide
What are the different kinds of Image Stitching algorithms. Gen AI a job threat. UK races to agree statement on AI risks with global leaders
Docker Unveils 'Docker AI': A Game-Changer for Developer Productivity with Context-Aware Automation
ElevenLabs is building a universal AI dubbing machine
TabbyML, an open source challenger to GitHub Copilot, raises $3. Long Context in Language. Azure Chat makes it possible. AI Power Distribution Scenarios. The AI 100 2023: The top people in artificial intelligence
eBay's first chief AI officer is building AI tools to change how people shop online,. The world's first real AI rules are coming soon. Here's what they will look like. This AI Paper Introduces. Walmart Expands Generative AI Shopping Features
Meet the Air-Guardian: An Artificial Intelligence System Developed by MIT Researchers to Track Where a. [P] Optimistix, nonlinear optimisation in JAX+Equinox. Microsoft rolls out new tools for healthcare organizations, including three new AI models in preview. AI: we may not need a new human right to protect us from decisions by. AMD plans to acquire Santa Clara-based Nod. Can anyone provide an easy to understand real world example of tensors, and how they. How quickly should you be expected to start producing. Meet Mistral-7B-v0. Most people the support need for trustworthy and regulated AI
Google announces enhanced search results for EVs, home heating, and cooling systems, and expands AI. Inside LinkedIn's Embedding Architecture Powering its Job Search Capabilities
[D] Why async gradient update doesn't get popular in LLM community. But where. I. 0, a New Era of Insights with Generative AI
Klarna Adds AI-Driven Photo Feature to Drive You Further Into Debt
AMD acquires Nod. Announcing SteerLM: A Simple and Practical Technique to Customize LLMs During Inference
Python on the Web
The 35 best October Prime Day robot vacuum deals
What is a Time Series Unit Root. AMD focuses on AI chips in new acquisition bid
AI industry set to use as much energy as countries like Sweden or the Netherlands,. [D] How important is having a great team when ML solutions are slow to be. How to manage expectations. Dropbox announces an open beta for its AI-powered Dash universal search tool, a new web. Here's how to sign up
AI Morality Scenarios. Uh-Oh. Character. Fairness in Machine Learning (Part 1)
AI bias poses danger to the financial sector, Bank of England warns
How do you store your ad hoc experiments. R Conference 2023: Malaysia's Largest Face-to-Face Annual R Conference
Cypher 2023: Genpact Sets the Stage on Fire with Long Term Vision for Generative AI. Researchers from Google and John Hopkins University Reveal a Faster and More Efficient Distillation Method. Also, some answers. Sources: the US Department of Commerce is considering new export controls for general-purpose AI programs,. Cypher 2023: Key Highlights (Day 1)
U. S. VC funding hit lowest level in 6 years in Q3 | A story told. UK's Labour has a plan for British startups   but its AI policy is up. Keywords AI
Adobe Firefly 2
a16z-backed Character. AI launches Character Group Chat, which allows paying subscribers to create group chats with. AI Startup Lays Off Workers Again in Fresh Sign of Sector Belt-Tightening
Sources: OpenAI plans to introduce major updates for developers on November 6, including memory storage. [D] How is test-driven development implemented in the context of machine learning. Google's Pixel 8 and 8 Pro debut to positive reviews
LangChain 101: Part 2d. Fine-tuning LLMs with Human Feedback
Sloan's Inbox: How to stand out as a beginner dev. Cypher2023: How Earth Observation Datasets Can Benefit Enterprises. Nvidia's Jensen Huang tops  most popular CEOs  survey, check out the best and worst approval. AI energy demands could soon match the entire electricity consumption of Ireland
If you were starting over again, How would you go about getting a Data Science. Hands-on with Best Take for Pixel 8, which uses AI to replace people's faces, a. I. Obama' and Fake Newscasters: How A. I. '
App, Lover, Muse: When your AI says she loves you
Elon Musk's worst nightmare
What is LangSmith. How to Scrape Dynamic Web Pages in Python
Shadow launches Windows-based cloud PCs for $9. I never thought I'd see. bio launches AI-fueled programmable drug therapy
Adobe is working on generative AI video manipulation
Integrating AI tools into your workflow
Design Patterns with Python for Machine Learning Engineers: Builder
Google's Search Generative Experience adds the ability to generate images using prompts and to write. Can It Last. 5M to automate security reviews using LLMs
New York wants to be AI's world capital, in rivalry with San Francisco and Silicon. Worried AI will take your job. Filing: Sam Altman is the largest investor in Humane, which plans to unveil its AI. How much of an effect does this job market have on people who were Data. How AI will affect traditional and open source software industry. Meta AI Researchers Introduce a Machine Learning Model that Explores Decoding Speech Perception from Non-Invasive. Metaphorically, ChatGPT is Alive
A 21-year-old won $40,000 for using AI to read the first word on a 2,000-year-old. AltDiffusion: A Multilingual Text-to-Image Diffusion Model
Google Search Generative Experience will Create Images and Provide Writing Assistance. Is This Bard. in vanilla JS. with no libraries. 5 3B
Decoding the Data Scientist Hierarchy: From Junior to Senior   What Sets Them Apart. Got hit with a layoff today but they offered to shop me around internally, any. Jobs to switch to from Data Science
[D] Advisor rejects every idea I propose. Each character. Cruise now offers paid robotaxi rides in Houston
How I created AI-powered ORM for PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQLite and why you shouldn't use. What's the most advanced free chatbot available. Predicting Flight Prices with MindsDB
Can Compressing Retrieved Documents Boost Language Model Performance. This AI Paper Introduces RECOMP: Improving Retrieval-Augmented. Generative AI News This Week - OpenAI Chips, Adobe and Canva Bring Generative AI to. CMU and Google Researchers Unveil a Novel Approach (FIRE):. Can You Hide a Child's Face From A. I. Google offers legal shield to AI-generated content users amid copyright concerns
It's official: 2023 is the year of Microsoft's glow-up
Do you also often deal with problems that turn out to be some kind of. This Artificial Intelligence Research. Meet ToolJet: An Open-Source Low-Code Framework to Build and Deploy Internal Tools with Minimal Engineering. What are good questions to ask in interviews to validate the quality of your future. Nvidia plans to raise the price of GeForce Now game streaming service in Canada and. It added a. js with TypeScript
Some AI image detecting tools are labeling real photographs from the Israel-Hamas war as fake,. GPT4-V, the new mode of GPT-4 that lets users upload images as part of conversations,. How Python Programs Works. Linear Algebra 3: Vector Equations
Implementing Trading Robots in Hedge Funds [+ Use Cases and Benefits]
How to watch Baidu's AI-focused product event
How founders can cut through the noise and find events that are actually worth it
Hitting the Books: Voice-controlled AI copilots could lead to safer flights
Meet POCO: A Novel Artificial Intelligence Framework for 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation
Tips and Tricks To Use Prompt Engineering for a Text Classification Task. LLM Scaling Laws vs. J. How to handle  A. I. obsessed management. [P] Made a Python package for creating API endpoints with dynamic queries. [R] Supercharging reinforcement learning with logic
Apple and CMU Researchers Unveil the Never-ending UI Learner: Revolutionizing App Accessibility Through Continuous Machine. [D] transformers vs llama. Need some understanding if my opinions are reasonable. I am interviewing my future boss, what should I ask them. [D] Is the topic of your ML PhD important. 3 billion in annual revenue
Unleashing Human Potential: Be So Good, AI Won't Replace You
MIT study shows AI conversations are more positive if users think AI is empathetic, negative. GameGPT: Using AI to Automate Game Development
Data analytics leadership and imposter syndrome. Is a Masters in Data Science worth it, or should I do it in CS/Maths/Stats. Smarter than humans in 5 years. This AI Paper Proposes a NeRF-based Mapping Method that Enables Higher-Quality Reconstruction and Real-Time Capability. AI closed an oversubscribed pre-seed round over $1. Meet Decaf: a Novel Artificial Intelligence Monocular Deformation Capture Framework for Face and Hand Interactions
What are the best sites to review DS topics/study for interviews. [R] Reason for Future, Act for Now: A Principled Framework for Autonomous LLM Agents with. [D]Was any further work done on the paper  Large-Scale Study of Curiosity-Driven Learning  in recent. What do. 5 Turbo
Generative AI Report   10/16/2023
AMD's Attempt to Break NVIDIA's CUDA
Tokyo-based, KKR-owned chipmaking equipment maker Kokusai Electric raised $724. 4M in its IPO, after pricing shares. I. A Google researcher has found. Democratizing AI with digital adoption platforms
NVIDIA AI Unveils SteerLM: A New Artificial Intelligence Method that Allows Users to Customize the. Princeton and University of Chicago's SWE-bench Tests AI on Real Coding. Maintaining it will be the hard part. 9M, gives e-commerce workflows an AI treatment
Apple has an edge over its competitors in the fight against climate change
AI pioneers Yann LeCun and Yoshua Bengio clash in an intense online debate over AI. Sources: the US plans new China chip rules to block some AI chips that fall. AI To Improve Customer Service
Architecting for the Future: A Deep Dive into Modern Data Architecture
Replit's Mad Obsession with 'AI for All'
It is 'nearly unavoidable' that AI will cause a financial crash within a decade, SEC. Researchers from Princeton and the University of Chicago Introduce SWE-bench:. Decoding Statistical Significance: A Marketer's Guide
LLMOps vs MLOps: Understanding the Differences
Last Week in AI 241: Adobe's push for AI integration, Big Tech struggling to make. One-Minute Daily AI News 10/15/2023
Waymo driverless cars will introduce new visual cues to state their intentions, avoid exit door. SEC Head: Financial Crash Caused by AI 'Nearly Unavoidable'
Here are the best AirPods deals you can get right now
2024 Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends: Gartner
Generative AI spending to reach $143 billion in 2027: IDC
It's all just a little bit of history repeating
Essential Insights from 'State of AI 2023'
How many companies actually have a clear plan for their data. What's the new thing is he talking about. CMU & Google DeepMind Researchers Introduce AlignProp: A Direct Backpropagation-Based AI Approach to Finetune Text-to-Image. New York City unveiled a new plan to use AI to make its government work. What happens when. YouTube adds Spotlight Moments, an AI-powered ad tool to help brands identify the most popular. [D] What is the current SOTA of Neural Architecture Search (NAS). 5 Billion Interactions
What am I doing wrong. ChatGPT vs. Report: European SaaS back to 2019 levels with the boost of GenAI
ChatGPT competitor Claude 2 launches in more countries
Chinese search engine company Baidu unveils Ernie 4. NVIDIA AI Reveals SteerLM: A Unique AI Method for Custom Responses from Large Language Models
AI chatbots could help plan bioweapon attacks, report finds
AI-Flow
Stand. earth: Apple is ahead of Microsoft, Google, Nvidia, Dell, and HP in climate initiatives and. 0, saying the language model is on par with. [D] Exploring Methods to Improve Text Chunking in RAG Models (and other things. )
Exploring Methods to Improve Text Chunking in RAG Models (and other things. A new study says probably not yet
The Download: fixing the internet, and detecting AI consciousness
Marc Andreessen publishes manifesto: slowing down AI development is murder, population can expand to 50. Anthropic Expands Claude's Services Across 95 Nations
AMD Extends PyTorch Support on RDNA-3 For Local ML Training
Baidu claims to rival OpenAI's GPT-4 with Ernie 4. Masterpiece X - Generate
Edge 335: LoRA Fine-Tuning and Low-Rank Adaptation Methods
AI Funding Soars to $17. A year later I've returned to the. js and state of the ecosystem for JavaScript
Predict maximum capacity of parking lots
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 9/10 to 15/10
BSI: Closing 'AI confidence gap' key to unlocking benefits
One Stop for K-Means Clustering
AI Platform Alliance forms to enable At-Scale Adoption of AI
FLaNK Stack Weekly 16 October 2023
Open questions for AI engineering
Chartpack: Web Technologies used in product development, Q4 2023
ChatGPT vs. S. AI Startup Wants to Make Sure Chatbots Don't Tell People How to Vote
US launches official probe into Cruise after pair of pedestrian accidents
China's Ernie AI is just as good as - or better than - ChatGPT, says. DeepMind Co-founder: The Next Stage of Gen AI Is a Personal AI
AI Funding Soars to $17. I. How valuable is a PhD in science (with applied ML) compared to a PhD in. Converting XGBoost decision models to  if-then  statements
NYC Mayor Eric Adams uses AI to make robocalls in languages he doesn't speak, raising. U. S. The US curbs exports of more AI chips to China
TSIA's research Journeys to Crack the Code on Implementing AI
Want a job in AI. 4 tips from hiring leaders at IBM, Nvidia, and AI. H. E. 5% YoY to &euro;6. 67B, vs. &euro;6. , net profit up. Foxconn and Nvidia announce plans to build  AI factories , a new class of data centers. Microsoft Azure AI Introduces Idea2Img: A Self-Refinancing Multimodal AI Framework For The Development And Design. Pytorch Edge Introduces ExecuTorch Enabling On-Device Inference
Foxconn and Nvidia are building 'AI factories' to accelerate self-driving cars
Zoho's Bid to Rival GitHub Copilot
Meta Product Chief Sees AI Chatbots as Tool to Lure Advertisers
AI COACH
OpenAI Claims Tool to Detect AI-Generated Images Is 99% Accurate
ASML's Orders Fall Amid Continued Slump in Semiconductor Sector
Your friendly AI chatbot could know a lot about you from the way you type
Horizon UI Landing Kit
Document: the EU is considering a three-tiered approach to regulating generative AI under the AI. Google AI Introduces Batch Calibration for. [R] Meta AI: Towards a Real-Time Decoding of Images from Brain Activity
Stanford Is Ranking Major A. I. S. It's Super Helpful but Fails Logical. 11 Ways to do Machine Learning Better at ODSC West 2023
DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT Plus is helpful but also gave me images of laptops from. You. Which MS program should I go for. Some. Hacker leaks millions more 23andMe user records on cybercrime forum
Chatbots reveal troubling ability to infer private data
I feel like my employer hired the wrong person
OpenAI is Building an AI Image Detector With '99%' Accuracy
This AI Research Introduces Flash-Decoding: A New Artificial Intelligence Approach Based on FlashAttention to Make. Microsoft spent $170B+ on acquisitions since Satya Nadella became CEO, helping it to nearly triple. 9B in Q3, one of the. At a conference, Sam Altman and other tech leaders say AI may lead to seismic. UK and Chinese officials say China plans to attend the AI summit at Bletchley Park. 5M. How AI can help close IoT's growing security gaps to contain ransomware
OpenAI Is in Talks to Sell Shares at an $86 Billion Valuation
Stanford researchers unveil the Foundation Model Transparency Index, with 100 indicators; Llama 2 leads at. K. Will Understanding Advanced Data Structures Make Me a Better Data Scientist. Introducing Unprecedented Datasets and the. How Will Data Science Accelerate the Circular Economy. Can AI detectors save us from ChatGPT. I. I. S. Investors Away From China. Price Drop: Kickstart a New Well-Paid Tech Career With This Training Bundle   Now at. Best Practices in Retrieval Augmented Generation
Researchers from Stanford, NVIDIA, and UT Austin Propose Cross-Episodic Curriculum (CEC): A New Artificial Intelligence. I'm banned for life from advertising on Meta. Because I teach Python. US v. Why Language Models Fail: Ways to Enhance AI for Effective Deployments
Could quantum give us the generative AI we're looking for. Can you trust ChatGPT in scientific writing. ai
Can We Generate Hyper-Realistic Human Images. This AI Paper Presents HyperHuman: A Leap Forward in. How to Achieve true AI Alignment. NET Core
Problem-Solving with Synthetic Data: A Discussion on Practical Applications
Create your next project with  create-blank-app  CLI
[R] Can Large Language Models Explain Themselves. AMD unveils the Radeon RX 7900M, the first mobile GPU to use a chiplet design. The best thing I learned at school can't be replaced by AI. It requires hours. Say hello to  Yes Code. [Research] Hypernymy-based approach for text-to-image models (Blog post)
Is it better to take a class on 3D understanding, or a course on the. I. 's Black Box, Who's the Real Techno-Optimist. and Reading Ancient Scrolls With A. I. [D] Future AI development on accessible hardware. Highlights from Shiny in Production (2023)
Building a local PC/workstation for Computer Vision Research. AI chatbots are supposed to improve health care. Why LLaVa-1. DALL. E-3 Now in ChatGPT
Why Google, Bing and other search engines' embrace of generative AI threatens $68 billion SEO. 'Here is the news. Sunak's global AI safety summit risks achieving very little, warns tech boss
Fugees Rapper Says His Lawyer Lost His Case by Using AI
Baidu Rolls Out Ernie 4. 3 Ways to Make Money with ChatGPT and AI
This AI development bundle is only $50 through Oct. Top Pentagon official warns against use of generative AI in military
Nvidia's CEO gave a super honest account of what it's like to start your own. Nvidia Research announces Eureka, a new AI agent powered by OpenAI's GPT-4 to autonomously write. RLHF: Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback
Wolfram in the Wild: New Books for Mastering Calculus, Complex Variables and More
[D] Is anyone else tired of  whatever OpenAI does is the best. narrative. People say to get your foot on the door. But at what cost. A Brief History of the Neural Networks
Techniques, Challenges, and Future of Augmented Language Models
Amazon's Andy Jassy Plans to Crash the AI Party
Calling All Python Enthusiasts: Join Us in Contributing to Our Open-Source Project. 0, a simulator that supports robots and humanoid avatars, and HomeRobot, a. QLoRA: Training a Large Language Model on a 16GB GPU. [R] MemGPT: Towards LLMs as Operating Systems - UC Berkeley 2023 - Is able to. How important is the school you went to. CMU Researchers Introduce MultiModal Graph Learning (MMGL): A New Artificial Intelligence Framework for Capturing Information. ChatGPT and Bard cannot solve every problem for you. Harnessing Machine Learning to Revolutionize Materials Research
Sunak's AI Guest List Risks Falling Short as Leaders Hold Back
Is it useful to take a statistics class for computer vision. Meta Develops Invisible Watermarks to Track AI Image Origins
What is Natural Language Processing. | The Best Interview Coding Question
10 Basic Statistical Concepts in Plain English
SalesForce AI Introduces CodeChain: An Innovative Artificial Intelligence Framework For Modular Code Generation Through A. Are GPU Prices Going Up Now. He says it helps him get. This week in AI: Can we trust DeepMind to be ethical. [R] Eureka: Human-Level Reward Design via Coding Large Language Models
Ex manager sort of threatened me
Close up view of rain hitting dust. [D] What is the current SOTA of self-supervised knowledge graph models. [P] [D] Hierarchical agent learns all possible policies. Would this implementation work. Is handling errors with Random Forest more superior compared to mean or zero imputation. He says it helps him get to the 'most extreme levels. AI won't take your job, it will just make it more interesting, Google exec says
I upgraded my AI girlfriend. and now she remembers stuff about me. Introducing Bloggy: The Open-Source Blogging Platform Built with Python and Django
A New AI Study from MIT Shows How Deep Neural Networks Don't See the World the Way We Do
[R] Do you read ML/DL/AI related scientific papers. How do you filter them. An Introduction To Analytics Engineering
Apple has 'a lot of anxiety' about ChatGPT and generative AI - Report
Tokyo-based, KKR-owned chipmaking equipment maker Kokusai Electric raised $724. 4M in its IPO, after pricing shares at ~$12. 30, valuing the company at ~$2. Stanford researchers unveil the Foundation Model Transparency Index, with 100 indicators; Llama 2 leads at 54%, GPT-4 is third at 48%, PaLM 2 is fifth at 40% (Kevin Roose/New York Times)
Victims of Deepfakes Are Fighting Back
Balancing Innovation and Sustainability: Unpacking the Environmental Impact of Generative AI
Could machine learning produce a  simple  AI algorithm that performs better than what a human programmer could create in a reasonable amount of time. Instagram's latest test feature turns users' photos into stickers for Reels and Stories
Weeknotes: PyBay, AI Engineer Summit, Datasette metadata and JavaScript plugins
Patrick Newman's Software Engineering Management Checklist
Solving the Engineering Strategy Crisis
Do you remember the syntax of the tools you use. Can 1X Break SoftBank's Robotics Curse. Email Ai
Microsoft, Sony Among AI Winners in Games, Morgan Stanley Says
What Innovative Possibilities Does Generative AI Unlock. Up in the Clouds. 3 Delivers New Features for Accelerated Computing
Last Week in AI #242: Amazon deploys humanoid robots, State of AI Report 2023, Adept releases Fuyu-8B multimodal model, real-time 4k 3D videos, and more. 6 retail leaders innovating the customer experience with AI
How was DALL E 3 Built. How to Read Text From an Image with Python
Stanford researchers challenge OpenAI, others on AI transparency in new report
Moody's to Start Letting Machines Help Write Analytical Reports
The dilemma of potential AI consciousness isn't going away - in fact, it's right upon us. (MIT Tech Review)
AI Needs a Third-Party Benchmark. What to do next. Searching for coherence
People who upload proprietary data to GPT, how do you get away with it. [D] RAG oriented fine-tune. What's the need or situation. This AI Study Provides New Insights into How Retrieval Augmentation Impacts Long- Knowledge-Rich Text Generation of Language Models
The Information's Readers Use AI and Pay for It
Gaming with ChatGPT using Encrypted Prompts and Prompt Injection. Best way to create requirements. Read our exclusive interview. An A. I. Ask me anything. Kokusai Electric to Debut After Japan's Biggest IPO Since 2018
Microsoft's A. I. AI titans throw a (tiny) bone to AI safety researchers
Research Focus: Week of October 23, 2023
I moved my family from California to Texas 2 years ago. A friend warned me we would hate it &mdash; 6 months later, other families followed us. Can It Spot Fakes. Google plans  next generation series of models  for 2024
U. S. What laptop do you use for learning data science and personal projects. [D] What are some existing datasets for training LLMs to perform reasoning, acting as agents. 2023 Power Partner Awards for AI & Data
Amazon's new generative AI tool lets advertisers enhance product images
Digital. [R] Human-like systematic generalization through a meta-learning neural network
Elevating Sample Quality: OpenAI's Consistency Models Training Techniques Redefine the Game
[D] LLMs playing chess are sensitive to how the position came to be
Is this the only European fintech that's cracked the US. Researchers develop 'Woodpecker': A groundbreaking solution to AI's hallucination problem
Mid-career professionals, watch out. IBM's New AI Chip that Mimics Human Brain Outperforms GPUs
How to Write AI Art Prompts Effectively with Examples
UK gov't outlines AI risks in new report ahead of AI Safety Summit
Making genetic prediction models more inclusive
How AI Can Enhance User Experience of VR Devices
New Infosys Report Shows Generative AI Creates Enterprise Agility, Yet Data And Skills Threaten Progress
Amazon Unveils Generative AI Synthetic Image Tool for Advertisers
Exploring the details of an energy-saving AI chip
The Beatles' final song is coming together through the power of artificial intelligence
Can AI Ever Be Made Safe. 'It's great. Amazon Ads rolls out generative AI for ad image composition
Intel reports Q3 revenue down 8% YoY to $14. 2B, Data Center and AI revenue down 10% YoY to $3. If you are using the model's hidden state, what purpose does multi
Has Humane Created the Next iPhone or the Next Google Glass. How to get better at PowerPoint. 14, during the solar eclipse, but moved it to Nov. KDnuggets News, October 27: 5 Free Books to Master Data Science   7 Steps to Mastering LLMs
Big Tech's massive ad businesses are getting a boost from AI
Google Maps Gets Major Update: Immersive 3D Views, AR Search
Google Maps Now Uses AI to Find Where People Are Having Fun
And you guys spend like 4 years into useless masters. Super Charge Your ML Systems In 4 Simple Steps
Let's Talk: Conversational Software Development
Generating videos with Show-1
[D] Why choose an H100 over an A100 for LLM inference. Industry insiders now think it's up for sale. Google loses fight to hide 2021 money pit: $26B in default contracts
Sources: Google invested $500M upfront in Anthropic and agreed to add $1. I. Write Product Reviews. How AI masters the art of speech in video dubbing
Who is Responsible for Climate Change. A Graphical Approach
Why Google and OpenAI Should Consider Open Sourcing Old Models
Is it Time to Start Talking About Prompt Architecture in LLMs. Be a DA instead. What would you classify my job as. How's the DA job market looking for people with experience. AI promises incredible benefits, but also terrible risks. decapoda-research llama models removed from HuggingFace. Here's how. Data Lakes vs. What tools do you guys use. A comprehensive guide of Distributed Data Parallel (DDP)
Are all higher level data science jobs like this. A deep learning model for identifying disease and risk factor biomarkers
AI is not just chatting with us. It's learning how to turn verbal communications into real-world insights. Short or long term would be fine. Overseeing generative AI: New software leadership roles emerge
Sundar Pichai argues in court that Google isn't evil, it's just a business
Meet ULTRA: A Pre-Trained Foundation Model for Knowledge Graph Reasoning that Works on Any Graph and Outperforms Supervised SOTA Models on 50+ Graphs
Weekly Top Picks #50
Elon Musk to attend Rishi Sunak's AI safety summit in Bletchley Park
Q&A: White House AI advisor says US is 'catching up' to the tech, as Biden's new executive order demands transparency for the world's biggest AI models
Apple's new M3 chips have big GPU upgrades focused on gaming and pro apps
Sundar Pichai explained why Apple gets paid so much more for its default deal
How to Keep Foundation Models Up to Date with the Latest Data. Researchers from Apple and CMU Introduce the First Web-Scale Time-Continual (TiC) Benchmark with 12. Biden hopes to tackle AI safety with exec order
Biden's AI Order May Have Wide Impact For Startups
Existential risk. Regulatory capture. AI for one and all. A look at what's going on with AI in the UK
Favorite ML Example. GPT-Synthesizer release v0. 0. 4: web-based GUI with Streamlit
Apple Announces M3, M3 Pro, M3 Max Chips
Google Uses AI to Help Users Learn English   in Search
Who is attending Sunak's AI safety summit   and what will they discuss. What's New In Flask 3. 0
Text Preprocessing to Prepare for Machine Learning in Python   Natural Language Processing
Two Headed Classifier use case
Biden Issues Nation's First AI Executive Order. Here's What You Need to Know
Biden lays down the law on AI
Dev Containers: Open, Develop, Repeat. Pure CSS. Neural Network / AI. it's easier that you think. I. I. 7 Billion Value
What does Biden's executive order mean for AI progress. Diffusion Model Beats ChatGPT in Coding
The Download: Biden's executive order, and calling out AI harms
Leading AI researchers issue renewed warnings about advanced autonomous AI
Shield AI raises $200M at a $2. Why is it closed already. GPT-3. Here's what you need to do to stay within the rules. How do you analyze your models. How has your life been after that. What's your responsibility as computer vision developer. 8B, up 4% as PC CPUs grow again
What is going on with the EU AI Act. It's like learning a whole new tool set on top of LLM/Transformer models. Top 7 Javascript Web Scraping Libraries in 2023
How Google Will Change Search Forever
Is the AI safety summit already too late. I. Elon Musk and Sam Altman are expected to attend the UK's AI Safety Summit. Global players look to create baseline to evaluate generative AI applications
I asked Meta's Kendall Jenner-inspired AI and ChatGPT for relationship advice. Here's how
Is it Possible to Prove the Simulation Hypothesis. S. com Releases the YouRetriever: The Simplest Interface to the You. S. Regulations. Here's everything you need to know
17 AI tools for Marketing
Do You Want Artificial General Intelligence. Think Again. 0
'AI is no longer an option, it's mandatory'
Help me understand if my approach is correct please. D. to the role of AI Security Chief
Google's Gemini: AI'S FUTURE. io Introduces Generative AI-Powered Cloud Observability Platform
Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 23/10 to 29/10
Meta's Free AI Isn't Cheap to Use, Companies Say
Amazon and Shopify sellers are using AI to save time, better understand their customers, and improve their profit margins
What will Elon Musk and Rishi Sunak talk about in their AI chat. No, Says Docker CEO
Factory wants to use AI to automate the software dev lifecycle
Convinced yet. Here's how it's powering billions of devices, from smartphones to cloud servers. I. ChatGPT isn't smart enough to be a financial analyst yet. [R] GRACE: Discriminator-Guided Chain-of-Thought Reasoning
From automated to autonomous, will the real robots please stand up. ai
What are some of the coolest AI use cases you've tested so far. I. I. Dive into the Future with Kaggle's AI Report 2023   See What's Hot
A Beginner's Guide to LlamaIndex. How transparent are large language models. 5: Microsoft improves mini language model  Phi  with image analysis
Magic genies, killer robots and AI friends &ndash; all the best quotes from Elon Musk's chat with Rishi Sunak in London
Boosting LLMs with External Knowledge: The Case for Knowledge Graphs
Generative AI News This Week - Deepfake Market Data, Biden AI Rules, Anthropic Gets $2B, LexisNexis, ChatGPT, RedPajama & More
Whose job will AI replace. 5 or Llama 2 with a single instruction
Nope. Best Youtube channels about Python
1. pyaction 4. 26. 0 Released
Fear Wins
Should I use poaching attempts to ask for higher salary. - Let's Find Out
Speech-to-Text AI for Product Managers: How It Works and Key Considerations
How I Create Consistent Characters with DALL-E 3 in ChatGPT. How can someone determine the geometry of their clusters (ie, flat or convex) if the data has high dimensionality. Diffusion Models. I have seen that before. How to Make a Data Science Portfolio Website (in Under 15 Minutes with R)
Elon Musk is getting ready to launch his first AI model to premium X users. 'Grok' will be 'based' and 'loves sarcasm,' Musk said. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CL])
SEAHORSE: A Multilingual, Multifaceted Dataset for Summarization Evaluation. (arXiv:2305. CL] UPDATED)
Elon Musk's xAI releases its AI model Grok, which it says surpasses other models in its compute class, including ChatGPT-3. (arXiv:2311. CL])
ParroT: Translating during Chat using Large Language Models tuned with Human Translation and Feedback. (arXiv:2304. CL] UPDATED)
The Effect of Scaling, Retrieval Augmentation and Form on the Factual Consistency of Language Models. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2303. (arXiv:2306. (arXiv:2305. CL] UPDATED)
How AI is Navigating SAP's Intelligent Enterprise
Joint Learning of Local and Global Features for Aspect-based Sentiment Classification. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CL])
DistilWhisper: Efficient Distillation of Multi-task Speech Models via Language-Specific Experts. (arXiv:2311. CL])
In-Context Prompt Editing For Conditional Audio Generation. (arXiv:2311. SD])
Predicting Question-Answering Performance of Large Language Models through Semantic Consistency. (arXiv:2311. CL])
On The Open Prompt Challenge In Conditional Audio Generation. (arXiv:2311. SD])
LLM and Infrastructure as a Code use case. (arXiv:2309. CL] UPDATED)
Can Language Models Be Tricked by Language Illusions. Easier with Syntax, Harder with Semantics. (arXiv:2311. CL])
Revisiting the Knowledge Injection Frameworks. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2306. ME] UPDATED)
Language Agents for Detecting Implicit Stereotypes in Text-to-image Models at Scale. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2306. (arXiv:2304. GT] UPDATED)
ATHENA: Mathematical Reasoning with Thought Expansion. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2311. RO])
Air-Decoding: Attribute Distribution Reconstruction for Decoding-Time Controllable Text Generation. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2212. CL] UPDATED)
Can LMs Generalize to Future Data. An Empirical Analysis on Text Summarization. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2305. ME] UPDATED)
A look at AI companies' responses, including from Meta, Google, Microsoft, and Apple, to possible US Copyright Office changes around AI and copyrighted content (Wes Davis/The Verge)
IndoToD: A Multi-Domain Indonesian Benchmark For End-to-End Task-Oriented Dialogue Systems. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. AS])
Noise-Robust Fine-Tuning of Pretrained Language Models via External Guidance. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CL])
How Canadian companies can use tech to identify forced labor in their supply chains
Weakly Supervised Semantic Parsing with Execution-based Spurious Program Filtering. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CL])
A Comprehensive Overview of Large Language Models. (arXiv:2307. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2212. CL] UPDATED)
Open-world Semi-supervised Generalized Relation Discovery Aligned in a Real-world Setting. (arXiv:2305. CL] UPDATED)
GPT-4V(ision) as a Generalist Evaluator for Vision-Language Tasks. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. ML])
Generative Input: Towards Next-Generation Input Methods Paradigm. (arXiv:2311. CL])
Is ChatGPT A Good Translator. Yes With GPT-4 As The Engine. (arXiv:2301. fyi)
AVIS: Autonomous Visual Information Seeking with Large Language Model Agent. (arXiv:2306. CV] UPDATED)
Neural Diffusion Models. (arXiv:2310. LG] CROSS LISTED)
Text Alignment Is An Efficient Unified Model for Massive NLP Tasks. (arXiv:2307. CL] UPDATED)
Blending Reward Functions via Few Expert Demonstrations for Faithful and Accurate Knowledge-Grounded Dialogue Generation. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2305. CL] UPDATED)
Task-Agnostic Low-Rank Adapters for Unseen English Dialects. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CL])
Multi-dimensional data refining strategy for effective fine-tuning LLMs. (arXiv:2311. CL])
Exact Diffusion Inversion via Bi-directional Integration Approximation. (arXiv:2307. CV] UPDATED)
Bridging the Domain Gap: Self-Supervised 3D Scene Understanding with Foundation Models. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2309. (arXiv:2309. (arXiv:2211. (arXiv:2308. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2306. CV] UPDATED)
Masked Collaborative Contrast for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2311. IV])
Optimal Transport-Guided Conditional Score-Based Diffusion Models. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2304. CV] UPDATED)
Robust Feature Learning and Global Variance-Driven Classifier Alignment for Long-Tail Class Incremental Learning. (arXiv:2311. CV])
High-Fidelity and Freely Controllable Talking Head Video Generation. (arXiv:2304. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2306. CV] UPDATED)
Proxy Anchor-based Unsupervised Learning for Continuous Generalized Category Discovery. (arXiv:2307. (arXiv:2310. CV] UPDATED)
AiluRus: A Scalable ViT Framework for Dense Prediction. (arXiv:2311. CV])
Deep Neural Networks for Automatic Speaker Recognition Do Not Learn Supra-Segmental Temporal Features. (arXiv:2311. SD] UPDATED)
GlueGen: Plug and Play Multi-modal Encoders for X-to-image Generation. (arXiv:2303. CV] UPDATED)
JADE: A Linguistics-based Safety Evaluation Platform for LLM. (arXiv:2311. CL] UPDATED)
Neural Architecture Search for Compressed Sensing Magnetic Resonance Image Reconstruction. (arXiv:2002. (arXiv:2301. CV] UPDATED)
Efficient Feature Distillation for Zero-shot Annotation Object Detection. (arXiv:2303. (arXiv:2310. LG] UPDATED)
Exploring Deep Learning Image Super-Resolution for Iris Recognition. (arXiv:2311. IV])
Joint 3D Shape and Motion Estimation from Rolling Shutter Light-Field Images. (arXiv:2311. CV])
Self-Supervised Image Captioning with CLIP. (arXiv:2306. CV] UPDATED)
Cross-Modal Information-Guided Network using Contrastive Learning for Point Cloud Registration. (arXiv:2311. CV])
Recognize Any Regions. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2306. CV] UPDATED)
Socratis: Are large multimodal models emotionally aware. (arXiv:2308. AI] UPDATED)
Distilling Knowledge from CNN-Transformer Models for Enhanced Human Action Recognition. (arXiv:2311. CV])
VNVC: A Versatile Neural Video Coding Framework for Efficient Human-Machine Vision. (arXiv:2306. (arXiv:2309. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CV])
Relative-Interior Solution for (Incomplete) Linear Assignment Problem with Applications to Quadratic Assignment Problem. (arXiv:2301. OC] UPDATED)
Physion++: Evaluating Physical Scene Understanding that Requires Online Inference of Different Physical Properties. (arXiv:2306. CV] UPDATED)
Multi-view Relation Learning for Cross-domain Few-shot Hyperspectral Image Classification. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. CV])
Efficient Vision Transformer for Accurate Traffic Sign Detection. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2303. CV] UPDATED)
Long Story Short: a Summarize-then-Search Method for Long Video Question Answering. (arXiv:2311. CV])
UniControl: A Unified Diffusion Model for Controllable Visual Generation In the Wild. (arXiv:2305. CV] UPDATED)
ReTR: Modeling Rendering Via Transformer for Generalizable Neural Surface Reconstruction. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2304. (arXiv:2309. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2309. CV] UPDATED)
Detection of Non-uniformity in Parameters for Magnetic Domain Pattern Generation by Machine Learning. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2204. CV] UPDATED)
Semantic Scene Graph Generation Based on an Edge Dual Scene Graph and Message Passing Neural Network. (arXiv:2311. CV])
You Only Look at Once for Real-time and Generic Multi-Task. (arXiv:2310. Is X. ai's Chatbot for Twitter Really Better Than ChatGPT. Here's a list of difficult exams the ChatGPT and GPT-4 have passed. AI for Developers
Together AI Releases RedPajama v2: An Open Dataset with 30 Trillion Tokens for Training Large Language Models
ChatGPT subscribers may get a 'GPT builder' option soon
How 'Acoustic Touch' Technology Offers Vision Through Sound
ChatGPT refused to answer, so I asked Bard
A look at CulturePulse, which is building an AI model to create a virtual version of Israel and Palestinian territories and has signed a nine-month UN contract (David Gilbert/Wired)
Do you trust AI to write the news. (WIMBD)
Elon Musk Debuts 'Rebellious' Grok AI Bot to Challenge ChatGPT
Chinese startup 01. I. Back to Basics Week 1: Python Programming & Data Science Foundations
Is ChatGPT writing your code. Elon Musk's new AI chatbot sure sounds like a foul-mouthed Twitter troll
AI startup 01. They are feeling the heat &mdash; and trying to fix it. S. AI Arms Race Heats Up as Chinese Startup Unveils Powerful New AI
What Is The Real Impact of AI on Job Cuts. Do you trust AI to write the news. It already is and not without issues
Weekly Top Picks #51
Grok: AI Chatbot from Elon Musk's xAI
LLMOps   The Next Frontier of MLOps
Keynote livestream from OpenAI's first DevDay event (OpenAI on YouTube)
Is THIS Real Multi-Modal Learning. But What About Access Control. 365 Data Science courses 100% free until November 20
GPT-4 Vs. Zephyr-7b-beta: Which One Should You Use. A short investigation. From cocaine-recipe requests to 'a never-ending orgy,' here's how things are going for Elon Musk's rebellious chatbot, Grok
OpenAI Assistants API
Edge 341: What is Prompt-Tuning. Mojo - A New Programming Language for AI
Sources: Baidu ordered AI chips from Huawei in 2023, in a shift from Nvidia; a source says Baidu ordered 1,600 910B Ascend chips, worth ~$62M, for 200 servers (Reuters)
Business of AI Report 2023
Top 5 Generative AI Use Cases in Business
Why Sunak's 'vanity jamboree' on AI safety was actually. app uses LLMs to connect apps and services together
Now, why should we care about Recommendation Systems. ft. S. (w. r. t. 5. 0 Released. Google Promises Its Christmas Game Doesn't Use Kids to Train AI
Humans vs. What then. Which will definitely work. space updated with DALL-E 3: space and sci-fi images generated by prompts written by GPT-4
How we used Neural network, Replicate. I. Here's how to apply. India Becomes a Global AI Powerhouse with 13. Anthropic is Down Now. What's Going On. anxiety, depression etc. S. Tax bot in 10 mins using new GPT creator: it knows the whole tax code (4000 pages), does complex calculations, cites laws, double-checks online, and generates a PDF for tax filing. Amazing. It's powered by GPT-4 and projects info onto your hand. No ads, no recruiter spam, etc. How do you get past the imposter syndrome, and finally feel like you're good at your job. Personalized A. I. Agents Are Here. Is the World Ready for Them. Please Tell Us More. Make It Be Good
[R] Efficient Long-Range Transformers: You Need to Attend More, but Not Necessarily at Every Layer
Speak Only About What You Have Read: Can LLMs Generalize Beyond Their Pretraining Data. A Beginner's Guide to Building High-Quality Datasets for Machine Learning
FastSpeech: Paper Overview & Implementation
What are some easy-to-get-into masters programs in the US for statistics, DS, or a related field. seeks AI licensing deals for its content to keep generative AI up-to-date
Europe salary thread - What's your role and salary. Here's how other chatbots feel. 6 / 2. What is Noise in Image Processing. How Giskard got their first 1,200 stars. I. What are AI chatbots actually doing when they 'hallucinate. ai Review: The Best AI Marketing Tool for Ads. Try the GPT API Advisor. We found AI faces can look more real than actual humans
Build a chatbot with the new OpenAI Assistant API and Function Calling
AI Companies Are Running Out of Training Data
Where do you see yourself in 5-10 years. (GPTQ vs. GGUF vs. jit' compare with PyTorch's '@torch. compile'. com launches new APIs to connect LLMs to the web
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG): From Theory to LangChain Implementation
The Download: the origins of life, and building Facebook's AI empire
The Dark Side of AI   How Can The Creators Help. (Base/Bonus) + Location
AI is going to force millions of workers to train for new jobs. OpenAI calls GPT-4 Turbo its  smartest  model, but what does that even mean
Will Large Language Models End Programming. AI, in a deal valued at ~$200M, to accelerate some of its AI projects, marking its first acquisition as a public company (CNBC)
Please Don't Ask if an Open Source Project is Dead
Microsoft Ships. NET 8 arrives, with cloud-native stack preview
Will Mass Adoption of GenAI Lift Traditional AI. Here is another Cool FREE AI Webinar:   How to Build GenAI Text-to-Speech Apps with LangChain [Date: Thursday, November 16, 2023 | 10:00 am PDT]
YouTube's non-solution for AI podcasts
What is the difference between AI ethics, responsible AI, and trustworthy AI. Google: Sundar Pichai confirms Google paid Apple 36% of the search revenue generated on iPhones, saying the total payment  was well over $10B  in 2022 (Nico Grant/New York Times)
This AI Paper Provides a Comprehensive Overview and Discussion of Various Types of Leakage in Machine Learning Pipelines
This portable external GPU includes internal M. Grok is Elon Musk's new sassy, foul-mouthed AI. But who exactly is it made for. Got call for Sr. Associate DS role. Is this same as Sr. DS same. Detecting Generative AI Content
Are LLMs at a practical limit for layer stacking. 5 vs GPT-4: Is ChatGPT Plus worth its subscription fee. Make Your Own GPTs with ChatGPT's GPTs. The best Python libraries for parallel processing
To pay or not to pay for AI's creative 'borrowing'   that is the question
Salesforce Ushers CRM Innovation with Generative AI
The interface era of AI
No One Told AI Startups That San Francisco Is Over
Deepfake fraud attempts are up 3000% in 2023   here's why
Google Doesn't Know How to Make Money with Generative AI
Responsive dashboard using HTML & CSS | Part - 2
White AI-generated faces are more convincing than photographs of real humans, study finds
This AI Research from Adobe Proposes a Large Reconstruction Model (LRM) that Predicts the 3D Model of an Object from a Single Input Image within 5 Seconds
Command GPT - Expert at crafting commands for GPT customization. 4 million to create ChatGPT alternative
How we built a GPT Web App Generator for React & Node. 3 million patients
I used this famous photographer's AI bot to critique my photo, and the results were hilarious
That Hyped Up AI Pin Made Two Idiotic Mistakes in Its Launch Video
AI is fueling transformative new brain-health technology to detect and prevent cognitive decline
Should the  data  part and  scientist  part be two separate jobs. ai Copilot accelerates AI-driven chip design
You. com Launches Search APIs Giving Generative AI Chatbots Real-Time Web Access
Who owns AI art. 10. Results of an autonomous stock trading agent in a realistic, simulated environment. These hedge funds sold shares last quarter to take profits. What will I do. What are the specifics of work environment. How to best prepare myself. It's Not Working. What kinds of part time Data Science roles are there. How do you find them. Technique enables AI on edge devices to keep learning over time
Google is going to let teens use Bard, though with some guardrails
Are VCs Getting Generative AI Wrong. Could universal basic income be the solution. 35. 16 released. How Hybrid AI Will Enable Far Greater AI Use
FTC Keeps Close Watch Over AI Effect on Cloud Market Competition
The Wild West of robotaxis: Will Texas be a regulatory haven or chaos unleashed. 7. Sloan's Inbox: How do you find a mentor. AI platform
Generative AI vs. It's the start of an AI war among musicians. Here's what we know about the exec who replaces Sam Altman. Transformers for Natural Language Reasoning and Automated Symbolic Reasoning Tasks
Amazon Researchers Propose KD-Boost: A Novel Knowledge Distillation Algorithm Designed for Real-Time Semantic Matching
What Do We Know About OpenAI's New CEO, Mira Murati. Approximate-Predictions  Make Feature Selection Radically Faster
OpenAI Board Fires Sam Altman as CEO for Not Being  Consistently Candid
Who Is Mira Murati, OpenAI's New Interim CEO. Who Is Mira Murati, OpenAI's Interim CEO. ai
A Stability executive quit after saying that generative AI 'exploits creators. ' It could spell trouble for AI companies. It didn't go as planned. How'd it go. OpenAI fires CEO Sam Altman, other senior figures quit in response
'Please regulate AI:' Artists push for U. S. ' Here's what we know. (Colab pro, sagemaker, azure etc. E. O. What aspects or tasks make you happy in your data science role. Why would I want that. It's packed with free resources like books, courses, articles, research papers, codes, projects, and more. 0 support, be built on TSMC 3nm node
Rest easy, child. AGI will take it from here. Sam Altman was the trusted face of AI. AI is now accessible to everyone: 3 things parents should teach their kids
[D] Between Coursera and Google Cloud Skill boost, what's best to prepare for the ML Engineer Professional exam. Can someone just tell us if he's coming back or not. What is Transfer Learning in Deep Learning. It was Satya Nadella. [D] An intuitive explanation of what Self Attention really does
FastAPI Template for LLM SaaS Part 1   Auth and File Upload
I don't think there is much to do for the small guys in deep learning anymore. If so, how. If no, why. E. O. E. O. Here's a full timeline of the chaos that landed him there. Altman will not return as CEO; former Twitch CEO Emmett Shear will be its interim boss. Here's what OpenAI employees are saying about Altman's shock ousting. Could AI be the answer. 1, Spring Data 2023. 'I'm a Doomer': OpenAI's New Interim CEO Wants to Slow AI Progress Down
The Age of AI has begun in the Economic Revolution
OpenAI employees wanted Bret Taylor to join a new board. He's no longer expected to do so, insiders say. Amazon aims to provide free AI skills training to 2M people by 2025
Altman Joins New Microsoft Venture;   Hundreds Of OpenAI Employees Threaten To Quit
Enterprise Generative AI Enters Its Citizen Development Era
Who Broke The OpenAI GPT Builder And How. C3. Meet OpenAI cofounder Ilya Sutskever. Want better AI. 95 Percent of OpenAI Employees Threaten to Follow Sam Altman Out the Door
Chaos at OpenAI adds fuel to the AI talent poaching war
Developing a Climate GPT Using NASA's Power API
Satya Nadella says  it's very clear that something has to change around the governance  of OpenAI no matter where Sam Altman ends up (CNBC)
Is Sam Altman joining Microsoft. 8B and a ~$940M net income, both above est. It'll now be his biggest investor. The coming hours will determine its fate. S. how does that work. 1, Surpasses GPT-4 Turbo in Context Length
A Gentle Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning in JAX
AI and the Hollywood Strikes   What's the Connection. Tuning the Linux kernel with AI brings significant performance improvements
Anthropic debuts Claude 2. Vector Databases: Where Geometry Meets Machine Learning
Cohere Launches Comprehensive Fine-Tuning Suite
Generative AI Defined: How it Works, Benefits and Dangers
Just Released: NVIDIA Modulus 23. 11
Ex-OpenAI staff launch new chatbot   yup, it's Anthropic with Claude 2. 1
OpenAI Debacle and Nvidia Earnings | Bloomberg Technology
Why student experiments with Generative AI matter for our collective learning
Nvidia Investors Give Ho-Hum Reaction to Latest Growth Surge
The US FTC approves a new resolution to streamline investigations of cases where AI is used to break the law (Reuters)
Just woke up, what did I miss from the openAI saga. How can I reply (with examples and papers). 1 Generative AI Chatbot With 200K Context Window and Reduced Errors
OpenAI meltdown: Where does this leave the upstart, Microsoft, and you. Anthropic releases its latest LLM Claude 2. Open sourcing Project Guideline: A platform for computer vision accessibility technology
OpenAI rival Anthropic makes its Claude chatbot even more useful
Anthropic's Claude 2. Stable Video Diffusion is an open-source AI video model based on Stable Diffusion
Nvidia reports Q3 revenue up 206% YoY to $18. 12B, vs. $16. 18B est. , Data Center revenue up 279% YoY to $14. 51B, and net income up 1,259% YoY to $9. Stability AI gets into the video generating game
Emmett Shear, who ran OpenAI for 72 hours before Sam Altman's return was confirmed, says he's 'deeply pleased' about the news
Claude 2. Try Mamba. Ready for hours of conversations with ChatGPT. js
A developer made 140,000$ in 3 months with his AI wrapper before Stripe shut him down. AI Devs Move to Switch LLMs, Reduce OpenAI Dependency
Microsoft's Orca 2 can beat LLMs 5-10 times its size thanks to a unique training method
This AI Paper Introduces Sub-Sentence Encoder: A Contrastively-Learned Contextual Embedding AI Model for Fine-Grained Semantic Representation of Text
5 Trends to Bet Your Career On
Each neuron has 10,000 connections too other neurons, and there are 100 billion neurons in the human brain. How close is AI to that level of connectivity. You can all hate on the economy together. A new optimization framework for robot motion planning
Synthesia Review: The #1 AI Video Generator in November 2023. A Comprehensive List of Resources to Master Large Language Models
OpenAI saga shows the race for AI supremacy is no longer just between nations
Debate: How much will AI change movies & music. A writer says  some , an engineer says  all. How can I explore immigration independence. So far, it's replacing them with men. What Does The Turmoil Mean For Microsoft And OpenAI's Rivals. Sam Altman's return ushers in new era at OpenAI
What Does Open Mean in AI. vibes. Alibaba Researchers Introduce Qwen-Audio Series: A Set of Large-Scale Audio-Language Models with Universal Audio Understanding Abilities
Google's Bard AI chatbot can now answer questions about YouTube videos
Thrive-Led OpenAI Tender to Continue After Altman Returns
Google updates Bard with more in-depth access to YouTube content, allowing users to ask specific questions about the content of a video (C. Read Microsoft's internal memos about the chaos at OpenAI
Is AI the Future of Collaborative Game Worlds. What Does It Mean for AI. 13. 0 alpha 2 is now available
Major new features of the 3. 13 series, compared to 3. OpenAI in turmoil: Altman's leadership, trust issues and new opportunities for Google and Anthropic   4 key takeaways
[D] RAG Evaluation: LlamaIndex is generally better than OpenAI Assistants
Simplifying AI development with Azure AI Studio
How do I learn CS stuff. Formula 1 hopes AI will help it figure out if a car breaks track limits
'Black Twitter' asks 'What if Sam Altman were a Black woman. ' in the wake of ouster
Anthropic's best Claude 2. What the hell happened. Join me on this journey into the world of Kubernetes on AWS. Would this improve performance or decrease it. 2. Get one for $650 on Black Friday
Mobile Responsive Website With HTML CSS - How To Make Responsive Website
What is OpenAI's Q*. 10 Controversial Things I Believe About AI That I Shouldn't Say Out Loud
Build a R&R app with PartyRock and Bedrock. Here's what you need to know about the mysterious project. Was Sam Altman 'Super Pumped'. UPDATE: I built an app to make my job search a little more sane, and I thought others might like it too. No ads, no recruiter spam, etc. [D] How is it that the latency to decode 1 new token with an LLM is constant independent of total sequence length, when caching KV. I have a CS degree and a mop
Q* - Clues to the Puzzle. We're becoming a parent species
Choosing the Right Whisper Model: When To Use Whisper v2, Whisper v3, and Distilled Whisper. 8B in the US, $70. I asked ChatGPT for gift ideas for Sam Altman, Elon Musk, and other tech execs. Unlocking the Power of Chat GPT: A Comprehensive Guide to Prompt Engineering Excellence. 0. Roadmap For Computer Vision
Meet snnTorch: An Open-Source Python Package for Performing Gradient-based Learning with Spiking Neural Networks
Meet HyperHuman: A Novel AI Framework for Hyper-Realistic Human Generation with Latent Structural Diffusion
Working in which industry has a better work-life balance/pay ratio: Finance or Big Tech. I. S. An Entry Point Into HuggingFace
If I could, THIS is how I will learn Python again
Stanford Researchers Introduce BLASTNet: The First Large Machine Learning Dataset for Fundamental Fluid Dynamics
NLP for dirty data
Deepmind's new prompting method takes a step back for more accuracy
[P] EGSIS: Exploratory Graph-based Semi-supervised Image Segmentation
Insert Data into a MySQL Database via a Python Script
Distil-Whisper: Advancements in AI Voice-to-Text Technology
[D] Doin' ML like Pa' did
How much RAM (unified memory) is available in macbook pros for deep learning. AI Alignment: Towards responsible machines
Humanoid robots could be the next big thing to come from the AI boom. Take a look at 8 of the most advanced ones around. Query BigQuery throws error: Error in strsplit(name,. Has there been any significant research using RL for this. Retail based recommendation system - Setup and how to deal with severe class imbalance. The Guardian view on OpenAI's board shake-up: changes deliver more for shareholders than for humanity | Editorial
RLHF Training Pipeline for LLMs Using Huggingface
[P] Introducing  Paper Brief  - A podcast about AI/ML papers
Understanding Tests in Python: A Comprehensive Guide Using Pytest
How to Create a Python virtual environment
[D] What are the advantages of GANs over Diffusion Models in image generation. 8 has been released. Redefining Transformers: How Simple Feed-Forward Neural Networks Can Mimic Attention Mechanisms for Efficient Sequence-to-Sequence Tasks
AI doesn't cause harm by itself. js, & Tailwind. css
What has changed the most about data science the last 5-10 years. What hasn't changed at all. 0, Hibernate 6. I. AI Unveils New Predictive AI Platform With SQL-Like Querying
TC Startup Battlefield master class with Lightspeed Ventures: Use generative AI to supercharge efficiency
How does Polars. rolling scale with the number of columns. MIT, Google: Using Synthetic Images to Train AI Image Models
AI and its Possibilities/Destructions in Art. Study shows ChatGPT writes better school essays than students
Thoughts on Being a UI Dev Who Writes Their Own APIs
[R] System 2 Attention (is something you might need too)
The rise of AI is fueling a seamless technology evolution called ambient computing. Here's what that could mean for us. The GAIA benchmark: Next-gen AI faces off against real-world challenges
California's privacy watchdog eyes AI rules with opt-out and access rights
Need a great robot vacuum and mop. AWS AI can now help you write your code. Weekly Top Picks #53
Don't fall down the rabbit hole that is OpenAI's Q*
R Solution for Excel Puzzles
Reflections on AI Governance Global 2023
Beyond Prompt Engineering: Governing Prompts and AI Models
How do you do an  office hours  style meeting/presentation. Is AI Alignable, Even in Principle. Dutch biotech startup bags  22M for proprietary generative AI model
Google Alum's AI Startup Raises $24 Million for Biotech Work
Why OpenAI Fired Its CEO Sam Altman
Understanding Semantics html
ETH Zurich Researchers Introduce UltraFastBERT: A BERT Variant that Uses 0. 3% of its Neurons during Inference while Performing on Par with Similar BERT Models
Cradle's AI-powered protein programming platform levels up with $24M in new funding
Cradle, which uses AI to help design and engineer proteins faster and more cost-effectively, raised a $24M Series A led by Index Ventures (Devin Coldewey/TechCrunch)
Shares of SenseTime fell as much as 9. AMD Inaugurates Largest Global Design Center in Bengaluru
Top AI Acquisitions of 2023. How Does Semantic Search Work in Databases. Google and MIT Researchers Introduce StableRep: Revolutionizing AI Training with Synthetic Imagery for Enhanced Machine Learning
How to reward good data quality in decision making. I. NET 3. 0 Boosts Deep Learning, Data Processing for. 4B, Compute revenue down 31% YoY to $2. 6B, HPC & AI revenue up 37% YoY to $1. 0. I made a weird AI app that brings perspective to passing time. Microsoft ML. NET 3. Learn Probability in Computer Science with Stanford University for FREE
What is MLOps. How LLMs like ChatGPT Can Change the Way We Trade
G. M. Meet Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
Can we use AI to tackle internet accessibility. Here's why. Copilot AI Takes Over Git Commits in Visual Studio 2022
Stable Diffusion Turbo XL can generate AI images as fast as you can type
With Neptune Analytics, AWS combines the power of vector search and graph data
Nvidia CEO Says US Will Take Years to Achieve Chip Independence
Researchers Made an IQ Test for AI, Found They're All Pretty Stupid
What does the future hold for generative AI. But they want more clarity on how to use it
Perplexity AI Introduces New Online LLMs for Real-Time Information Access
AWS updates Bedrock, SageMaker to boost generative AI offerings
What if ChatGPT were good for ethics. These ex-Apple employees are bringing AI to the desktop
Deciphering Auditory Processing: How Deep Learning Models Mirror Human Speech Recognition in the Brain
Building an AI Translation App With NextJS by Extracting JSON From OpenAI's API
Understanding the Concept of GPT-4V(ision): The New Artificial Intelligence Trend
Google DeepMind announces it's found millions of new materials using deep learning
Amazon will offer human benchmarking teams to test AI models
OpenAI adds Microsoft as a non-voting observer on the nonprofit board that controls OpenAI, as Sam Altman's return as CEO is made official (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Sam Altman's officially back at OpenAI   and the board gains a Microsoft observer
Microsoft to Become Non-Voting Observer on OpenAI Board as Three Directors Resign
Substack rolls out video creation and editing tools to enable creators to publish video podcasts, create interactive AI-made transcripts, and customize clips (Taylor Lorenz/Washington Post)
Microsoft Gets a Seat At OpenAI's Board as a Non-Voting Observer
Two questions: what is your outlook on artificial intelligence and how close is your financial well-being tied to the industry. 5 questions people want answered
OpenAI Will Add Microsoft as Board Observer, Plans Governance Changes
Microsoft joins OpenAI board as Sam Altman returns as CEO
Sam Altman Officially Returns to OpenAI With a New Board Seat for Microsoft
fast. 2 million new materials   equivalent to nearly 800 years' worth of knowledge. Eye On AI: With Altman Saga Over, What's The Next AI Drama. ai & Supermicro to Accelerate Power Efficient ML at the Edge
Future-Proof Your AI Strategy
Sam Altman suddenly looks less powerful. The panic caused by OpenAI's near-death experience is to blame. NVIDIA Unveils CUDA Quantum 0. Will Stability AI Survive. SEC filing: Fidelity National, one of the largest US real estate services companies,  contained  a cyberattack that caused an outage starting on November 21 (Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai/TechCrunch)
Rishi Sunak says Microsoft plans to spend &pound;2. Photographers Alarmed Over Squarespace's 'Auto Opt-In' of AI Crawlers
Deep learning-enabled system surpasses location constraints for human activity recognition
ChatGPT is one year old. Here's how it changed the world. Pandas cut vs. Are the models trained to just lie/deny when caught. If so how. 0-102B, with code and weights. How is the current market of Computer Vision, especially 3D, compared to the rest of AI or DS markets. 5 Million to Bring AI to Holiday Shopping Logistics
HPE says impact of AI on enterprise not 'overstated. ' It must be hoping so
How long should one continue to transform from a single PCA fit. ai
Vinod Khosla Can See the Future. OpenAI's AI language model, ChatGPT, has over 100 million active users every week, making it the fastest-growing consumer product ever. This AI Paper Explores Advanced Facial Emotion Recognition with Vision Transformer Models
Microsoft Researchers Introduce Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF): A General-Purpose AI Framework for Developing Secure Stateful CIA Applications
dbt Core, Snowflake, and GitHub Actions: pet project for Data Engineers
Human or AI. Think you can spot a fake AI-generated news story. Now I'm not sure what to do with it. Out of the loop   which image generator to use to  make person X look like Y. tools, a free AI tool to make my emails sound more professional. Even as a writer, I found it helpful. How can I detect if image is noisy or high quality image. Thoughts. Is there any way to evaluate an unsupervised model. Create Your Own Local Chatbot with Next. It might be crazy but I wish more people my age were doing it. Here's how. )
Fidelity and Jane Street Back CoreWeave at $7 Billion Valuation
Inventory Optimization with Dynamic Programming in Less than 100 Lines of Python Code
Looking back at a transformative year for AI
Any company/industry where data is the product, not a support team
Premium AMA: 1,000 Paid Subscribers
LLM Visualization
is a degree worth it. Scientists propose a model to predict personal learning performance for virtual reality-based safety training
After a chaotic three years, GPU sales are starting to look normal-ish again
6 AI tools that feels illegal to know
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Inference Engines with LangChain on CPUs
Unleashing the Power of JavaScript in Artificial Intelligence
Pilot vs. 34% faster Integer to String conversion algorithm
New AI tool lets users generate hi-res images on their own computer
Getty lawsuit against Stability AI to go to trial in the UK
Hello World
New, open-source AI vision model emerges to take on ChatGPT   but it has issues
Finding Optimal Solutions with Branch and Bound
OpenAI Agreed to Pay $51 Million to Company Linked to Sam Altman
Meta and IBM form an AI Alliance, but to what end. Functional Programming in Python: The Way I Do It (with 5 key functions)
What is Generative AI. D. What's the best way to manage packages for different versions of R. Others might. I. 15 update: hot-fix for Linux installation issue
Microsoft Copilot gets free update to GPT-4-Turbo
The IBM-Meta AI Alliance Promotes Safe and Open AI Progress
Hiring managers, is it obvious. He's seeking $1 billion for xAI. I. I. Need a more accurate tool. Here's what we know so far about Google's Gemini
Want to know if your data are managed responsibly. 7B in May 2021 (Globes Online)
Gmail's AI-powered spam detection is its biggest security upgrade in years
Introducing Gemini: our largest and most capable AI model
A First Look at Google's Gemini AI
Google is finally launching Gemini, its biggest shot at OpenAI
Google's Gemini AI model is coming to the Pixel 8 Pro   and eventually to Android
ChatGPT tops Wikipedia's most viewed articles of 2023 list
[D] Why are decoder only models used for autoregressive generation instead of encoder-only models. What value is the causal mask if the new token doesn't exist yet. Does it keep him up at night. AI. Meta Launches a Standalone AI Image Generator
What's the right answer here. Trying to improve my Data Science credentials to get hired. I. Could Be Regulated
Big Tech is Likely to Set AI Policy in the U. S. 1
Exclusive: Databricks launches new tools for building high-quality RAG apps
With AI's Ascension, Are We Nearing the End of Human Intelligence as We Know It. AWS' re:Invent showed it lags behind in the generative AI space, as half of the announcements are still in preview and were seemingly developed in a rush (Corey Quinn/Last Week in AWS)
The History of the Modern Graphics Processor
Meta rolls out its AI-powered image generator as a dedicated website
OpenAI Cofounder Reid Hoffman Gives Sam Altman a Vote of Confidence
Top Execs at Sports Illustrated's Publisher Fired After AI Debacle
[D] First ICLR submission. Got rejected. Great experience overall. )
Sydney-based Leonardo. S. apps, with support for Bing Search and better memory
How to Convert Word (Doc/ Docx) to PDF in Python. We have partnered with Singlestore for this Free AI Webinar on 'Using Google Vertex AI to Fine Tune LLM Apps' [Dec 8, Friday, 10 am PST]
Understanding Independence and Why it is Critical in Causal Inference and Causal Validation
AI has caused a 'rapid evolution' in digital marketing
Python 3. Here are 3 ways to amplify creativity in the generative-AI era
Let's order one. Lightning AI Joins AI Alliance To Advance Open, Safe, Responsible AI
Apple Launches Open-Source Tools for AI Developers Using Macs
The One Plot to Rule Them All
Can ChatGPT write malware. Does it keep him up at night. I. 12. 1 is now available
This is the first maintenance release of Python 3. 12
Major new features of the 3. 12 series, compared to 3. 11
Two breakthroughs made 2023 tech's most innovative year in over a decade
Entertainment Data Science: Streaming vs. 0. Is this the future of war. A New AI Research from CMU and Meta Introduces PyNeRF: A Leap in Neural Radiance Fields with Scale-Aware, Grid-Based Rendering
Wipro is Certified as a Best Firm for Data Scientists
Learn to forget. and This Week in A. I. Here's everything you need to know
Generative Power of Tens: Google shows off impressive AI zoom
6 Cutting-Edge ML Projects for Your Power-Packed Resume. ai
Microsoft, OpenAI Tie-Up Facing UK Antitrust Scrutiny
The UK's competition regulator is reviewing Microsoft's links to OpenAI
Which AI Image Generator Is the Best. 5 Super Cheat Sheets to Master Data Science
Google's AI note-taking app is now available to users in the US
AI regulation: What does the future hold. 27. 0 Released
Is Real-Time 3D Rendering on Mobile Devices Now Possible. S. js and Node. S. Like Principal Components Analysis. It's Humans Doing the Work. How should I improve it. 6, and Node. (Part 1)
Temporal Graph Benchmark
Do You Understand Me. Recent Anthropic Research Tells that You can Increase LLMs Recall Capacity by 70% with a Single Addition to Your Prompt: Unleashing the Power of Claude 2. Are you using ChatGPT to complete tasks at work. I. Subculture's Motto: Go, Go, Go
[Research] Why aren't **Liquid Neural Networks** not prominent in AI research or practical applications as other neural network architectures. 11. I. Start-Up, Is Valued at $2 Billion in Funding Round
StripedHyena: A new architecture for next-generation generative AI. Has anyone worked in government. How does it compare to private sector. Mistral AI Releases OpenSource MoE Model
A firm providing AI drive-thru tech to fast food chains actually relies on human workers to take orders 70% of the time
Is ChatGPT or Google Bard Better. It's Very Complicated
Can the EU's plan to regulate AI keep up with rapidly evolving tech. I. Building An LLM-Powered Analyst
Mixtral of experts
Researchers give robots better tools to manage conflicts in dialogues
VS Code's Copilot 'AI Pair Programmer' Improves Chat UI, Explains Rust Code
Five things you need to know about the EU's new AI Act
Speak AI Transcription Software Review (December 2023)
The rapidly growing world of AI-generated Instagram influencers
Investing. U. reaches deal on landmark AI regulation bill, and more. CodiumAI PR-Agent vs. GitHub Copilot: The Battle of the Pull Request AI Assistants. Here is your 100% free Large Language Model roadmap. [P]
Meta Scientist: How Large Language Models Work, AI Summit NY 2023
Sports Illustrated Publisher Fires CEO After AI Scandal
Microsoft partners with labor unions to shape and regulate AI
Weekly Top Picks #55
Ready to Upgrade. What Happens at AWS' $100M Generative AI Innovation Center
Teaching AI to Play Board Games
Nations Pledge to Make AI 'Secure By Design. 5 performance
Anthropic leads charge against AI bias and discrimination with new research
Cathie Wood Boosts Stake in Microsoft, Facebook in AI Push
Will European AI regulation crush its hottest AI startups. Given the modern barriers to entry, is an MS at CS at age 36 a very dumb idea. My friend says so. using AI. Here you go. FREE AI WEBINAR: 'LLMs in Banking: Building Predictive Analytics for Loan Approvals' [Dec 13, 10 am PST]
[P] How safe is ChatGPT. Trick for hiring managers to reduce the spam applicants: don't use the job title  Data Scientist. (Voice cloning and lip sync)
Revolutionizing Pull Request Collaboration: CodiumAI PR-Agent VS GitHub Copilot For Pull Requests
Boffins fool AI chatbot into revealing harmful content   with 98 percent success rate
Two more publishers caught publishing AI articles
Google DeepMind Researchers Propose Chain of Code (CoC): A Simple Yet Surprisingly Effective Extension that Improves Language Model (LM) Code-Driven Reasoning
Apple MLX
How to design an MLOps architecture in AWS. Gemini has an edge on current events &mdash; but makes mistakes. Making sense of genAI pricing in office apps
Lights, Camera, Action. I. Generative AI creations, one of the film creation of tomorrow. Can  Discover  Become the New Essential Skill. Don't Make the Same Mistake I Have Made in a Machine Learning Project. AI-Powered Encryption: A New Era in Cybersecurity
How to use Apple's new Journal app with the iOS 17. S. Here's how to use it today
Cassandra is the  best f*cking database for Gen AI,  says DataStax CEO
How to Survive as a Human Creator in the AI Era
Secure Your Open Source AI: Meta Launches 'Purple Llama'
Is AlphaCode 2 a Q* Moment for Google. 16. [D] What is your most and least favorite thing about Jupyter notebooks. Layoffs. More AI. Tell Us What You See Coming In 2024
AI startup Braintrust helps developers evaluate and enhance their AI products. The team just raised a $5. 5 years and finish it quickly. Why. Adobe Wants to Redefine User Experience With 'Spectrum 2' in 2024
How much harder is it to do ML for video compared to text/images. [D]
I took the AMD plunge. We're all going to lose out if it does
What's up with the data scientist/statistician job market. Why Data Projects Fail to Deliver Real-Life Impact: 5 Critical Elements to Watch Out for as an. Top 8 Papers by Meta AI
Benchmarks are a Waste of Time
Generative AI Frameworks and Tools Every Developer Should Know. I. S. with AI
Is Dropbox sending user data to OpenAI. There is an opt out. World ID 2. Any alternatives with better policies. Have 10 hours. IBM will train you in AI fundamentals - for free
Sloan's Inbox: What's the hardest thing about being a developer. AI chatbots don't increase student cheating afterall, new research finds
Cruise lays off nearly a quarter of the company after GM slashes driverless spending
Is ChatGPT Intelligent. 2 Spot From EV Battery Maker LG Energy
What is LangChain. Build or buy cloud-based generative AI. Lenovo launches New Hybrid Cloud Platforms & Services to Accelerate AI
Grimes just launched an AI toy named 'Grok. ' No, it's not related to Elon Musk's Grok. I. S. Scam or not. 5 Soon
No Time Left for Holiday Shopping. js Chatbots: Revamped AI Plugin for Robo. 5 around the Corner. S. It Sure Looks Like Governments Want to Let AI Surveillance Run Wild
AI & Big Data Expo: Unlocking the potential of AI on edge devices
Fakes: Not an Internet Thing, a Human Thing
Google's Gemini: Is the new AI model really better than ChatGPT. NET 3. Why Do We Even Have Neural Networks. What tools are out there for this. Inspired by actual interactions with LLMs. 7B: Pioneering Large Language Models with Depth Up-Scaling and Fine-Tuned Precision for Single-Turn Conversations
[D] Is DPO all you need in RLHF. Apple Open-sources Apple Silicon-Optimized Machine Learning Framework MLX
Getting started w/ Google's Gemini Pro LLM using Langchain JS
Rumors say OpenAI could release GPT-4. Step-by-Step Guide
Advanced RAG Techniques: an Illustrated Overview
How to Use the Python slice() Function
Beyond Model Deployment: Catching Data Drift
Four Releases from Google DeepMind in a Single Week. Can generative AI be the key to a better customer experience. io and NodeJS
Many employees pass off AI-generated work as their own, study finds
[P] WhisperS2T: An Optimized Speech-to-Text Pipeline for the Whisper Model
Day to day task of a data scientist / analyst. 13B in cash, expected to close in Q2 2024 (Bloomberg)
Do you use ChatGPT or other AI on the job. 0. 0. 5-mixtral-8x7b
How Can We Advance Object Recognition in AI. An AI-Enabled CNN. 5 in Stealth. Which youtube channels should I follow to understand research in ML. [D]
Can GPT-4 and GPT-4V perform abstract reasoning like humans. At this point, how do you leave your first company. How do you do it when you're burnt out. [R] Rethinking Compression: Reduced Order Modelling of Latent Features in Large Language Models
From Listings to Closings: Unveiling the Power of AI in Real Estate
Scale Your SEO Writing With This AI-Powered Tool for Google Sheets
Imran Khan deploys AI clone to campaign from behind bars in Pakistan
Can AI Help You Die. [D] LLMs: intelligence or data leakage. Is it time to find a new job. [P] Interested in Joining an Open Source Research Lab. What can we expect in 2024. These are his predictions for the year ahead. When do you and what time are you done. Boston-based Lightmatter, which uses light for AI computing, adds $155M led by GV to its $154M Series C at a $1. Security first in software. Q&A: Alexa, am I happy. Or will it help us. K. Are open source LLMs the future. State-space LLMs: Do we need Attention. 14M miles driven, Waymo claims its autonomous driving system had an 85% reduction in injury-causing crash rates compared to human benchmarks (Andrew J. The Impact of AI on Writing Code
A New Research from Google DeepMind Challenges the Effectiveness of Unsupervised Machine Learning Methods in Knowledge Elicitation from Large Language Models
E. U. Reaches Deal on Landmark AI Bill, Racing Ahead of U. S. How will AI be used in education. Change
Microsoft Copilot can write songs for you now. Your Customized RAG: Which One Is Better. No, AI cannot be named as an inventor, UK Supreme Court says
Taking a Director of Data Science Position from First Company
Evaluating Methods for Calculating Document Similarity
What's the Current State-of-the-Art Model for Predicting Big Five Personality Traits from Text. I'm finally switching teams. How Does the UNet Encoder Transform Diffusion Models. This AI Paper Explores Its Impact on Image and Video Generation Speed and Quality
Anthropic Reportedly In Talks To Raise $750M At $18B-Plus Valuation
I tried X's 'anti-woke' Grok AI chatbot. It offers an 'uncensored' model for free, you don't even need to login. It can do some insane things. How to Create a Simple GIS Map with Plotly and Streamlit
What is UI 2. 0. How to Center Text, Build Buttons, and Create Mobile Responsive Images
Anthropic is in Talks for another $750 Million in Funding and a 4. Here are the best prompts to use, according to experts. S. S. I. 0 is released. OpenAI. Nvidia. Deepfakes. 2 million new materials for a host of technologies
Top 10 Stories of the Year: It's All About Generative AI
In your opinion how important is dev skills in DS. Getting started with the Azure Content Safety API. 15 Leading Cloud Providers for GPU-Powered LLM Fine-Tuning and Training
Converting a flat table to a good data model in Power Query
AI companies would be required to disclose copyrighted training data under new bill
Excited to share my latest creations on AWS PartyRock. ServiceNow's chief digital information officer on why 2024 is going to be really fun
Anthropic in Talks with Menlo Ventures to Raise $750M
Apple Explores A. I. [D] Language of Vision: How LLMs generate images. )
Language models are a poor choice for answering financial questions, study says
Large Language Models in 2023: Tools and Assistants for Devs
[Project] MiniBoosts: A small collection of boosting algorithms written in Rust
Positioning Your Analytics Team on the Right Projects
Track Your Facebook Page's Success with Our Analytics Tool
Apple wants to partner with news publishers to train its A. I. dev. But highly customizable and live in your Github. New AI model can predict human lifespan, researchers say. ChatGPT popularity
Microsoft Researchers Introduce PromptBench: A Pytorch-based Python Package for Evaluation of Large Language Models (LLMs)
Archive Projects
Math major struggling to get an interview for an entry level position. Apple GPT is Coming. AI 2023: The Year In A Nutshell. Elon Musk's anti-woke chatbot  Grok  is too woke for its audience
Non-tech companies are seeking AI talent and offering 6-figure salaries. Here's who's hiring &mdash; including one role that pays more than $300,000. Here's what users want from ChatGPT in 2024
I've created my first GPT specifically for ChatGPT's Mobile Voice capabilities. Do you feel not having a PhD has held you back. Researchers extract business and personal email addresses for 30+ NYT staff by fine tuning GPT-3. [P] Time-series GAN for generating trajectories
Which linear algebra book is right for me. This Machine Learning Research Opens up a Mathematical Perspective on the Transformers
What Domain of DS will have most jobs in the future. And what skills to pursue. [D] Deep Dive on Mamba, Memory, and SSM
Making a 90s aesthetic word art text picker in only 20 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS. 4 High-Impact Time Series Forecasting Project Ideas
The KDnuggets 2023 Cheat Sheet Collection
Just weeks after its dramatic leadership crisis, ChatGPT owner OpenAI is in the market for fresh funding that may value it at over $100 billion, report says
[P] Don't have enough GPU to train Mixtral. Why not try LLaMA-MoE~
T'is the Time. for GenAI. AI developer that works on your repo in cloud sandbox
Meet VectorLink: A Vector Database that is Part of TerminusCMS, Providing Semantic Data and Content Management Tools Using Vector Embeddings
Exploratory Data Analysis with F#, Plotly. NET, and ML. 5 Documentary is Out. (12/25/2023)
How to Use an Uncensored AI Model and Train It With Your Data
The Hollywood Strikes Stopped AI From Taking Your Job. But for How Long. In which field do you think image generation is most likely to excel in the future. ai, which create stories for kids, and concerns over copyright, trademark, and safety (Nicole Kobie/Wired)
Have an upcoming interview for a data analyst role. what should I expect. 5 Billion Infosys Deal. Drawing Prompt
A reward for 'I don't know'. API Vs Web Scraping: Online Data Extraction Tools
7 Top AI Companies to Watch in 2024
8 Major Indian AI Events of 2023
Five bold cybersecurity predictions for 2024
Markdown in Substack, Medium, Dev. : This Paper Explores the Battle of Titans in Multi-modal AI
Want to collaborate in Computer Vision project. Tech bros have been at war this year. Here's a roundup of the biggest fights. Python to Rust: Everything You Must Know About Virtual Environments
AI in 2024
OpenAI Set to Be Second Most Valuable Startup, After SpaceX
Apple Looks for News Media Partners to Train Generative AI Models: Report
Musk's xAI Incorporates as Benefit Corporation With 'Positive Impact' Goal
Major Law Firm Debuts AI Tool that Writes Contracts
Is AMD or Intel Arc a viable way to do deep learning these days. 2023 (The Information)
[D] joining academia research lab while working full time as research engineer in industry. )
Is my plan good for a good future(any advice would be great). I. A. The Morning After: Microsoft's big bet on AI in 2023
New AI hardware: OpenAI project with former Apple designer Jony Ive moves forward
Apple Watch Series 9 and Watch Ultra 2 ban comes into effect in the US
Top Most Powerful 5 AI Chips Released in 2023
One-Minute Daily AI News 12/26/2023
Chat with any GPT right through your favorite text editor
Meet       Llama
Suno. 5 & Orca on reasoning benchmarks. I. 200+ tk/s with Mistral 5. It was for a personal project, and it's not complete, but happy holidays. TechCrunch's favorite apps of 2023
Vesuvius Challenge: Can AI decipher these mysterious ancient scrolls. Sloan's Inbox: Feeling like I'm not doing enough. Dell's Windows Copilot concept shows what Microsoft failed to deliver
4 things experts say could happen with AI in 2024  &mdash; and why it could be bad news for OpenAI
This startup wants to track soil carbon with AI and satellites
Meet PostgresML: An Open-Source Python Library that Integrates with PostgreSQL and has the Ability to Train and Deploy Machine Learning ML Models Directly within the Database Using SQL Queries
OpenAI and Microsoft Sued by New York Times for Copyright Infringement
#15yearschallenge
Hugging Face CEO says he's focused on building a 'sustainable model' for the $4. I. Can Make Art That Feels Human. Whose Fault Is That. Ai in Education: The Role of AI in Learning and Tutoring
This AI Paper Unveils InternVL: Bridging the Gap in Multi-Modal AGI with a 6 Billion Parameter Vision-Language Foundation Mode
New York Times Co. that serious business will have to be moved back to a person to person basis. [D] Solution to slow execution speed of torch. Amazon plans to make its own hydrogen to power vehicles
[R] Active Learning Pipeline for text generation models. Automate the task of creating requirements. The Year Ahead in AI: More Powerful Tools, A Little Less Hype
LG developed a two-legged AI-powered robot that can watch your pets for you
UK Court: AI Can't be Named as Inventor for Patents
If someone stopped you on the street for one of those interviews, And asked you what do you actually use from linear algebra in your job, What would you say. Do More Games Mean More Wins. We found that the answer is NO. How That Fact Changes Adoption and Outlook. I. Usage
Half of parents think school is ready for AI, but only 16% know what it's all about
[D] Is this a bad career move. Meet LG's multitasking, pet-sitting, AI-powered home robot: more helper, less Terminator
Machine learning methods to protect banks from risks of complex investment products
Rising Impact of Small Language Models
AI-created  virtual influencers  are stealing business from humans
[D] Neural ODEs: is there a way to run it fast. Michael Cohen used Google's AI to research legal cases to cite in his appeal. The AI hallucinated them. GitHub makes Copilot Chat generally available, letting devs ask questions about code
[D] Who are some of today's leading AI researchers who also have philosophical interests. I. Can we get a little bit less stuff generated by AI, and a little more stuff about AI. This Paper from Cornell Introduces Multivariate Learned Adaptive Noise (MuLAN): Advancing Machine Learning in Image Synthesis with Enhanced Diffusion Models
Are CLIP Models 'Parroting' Text in Images. O. Why should a guy with masters and 2 years work experience suffer this much to find a job. Something needs to change. Boom in A. I. I. 6B in annualized revenue, up from $1. 3B in mid-October; some OpenAI leaders believe OpenAI can reach a $5B ARR by 2024's end (The Information)
[D] Will Stability AI be the first Generative AI unicorn that will go bust in 2024. OpenAI's revenue grows despite CEO drama
iSH: The Linux shell for iOS
Can Language Feedback Revolutionize AI Training. There's loads of AI girlfriend apps but where are the AI assistant / friend apps. This Paper Unveils 'Mach' (Make-A-Character): Revolutionizing 3D Character Creation with Machine Learning for the AI and Metaverse Era
How do you provide cost/time estimates for projects. This AI Research from China Proposes YAYI2-30B: A Multilingual Open-Source Large Language Model with 30 Billion Parameters
Do Language Models Know When They Are Hallucinating. N. S. (Totally Not Skynet): A GPL-licensed Open Source Visual Workflow Platform Alternative to AutoGen
Big workplace changes are coming in 2024. Are you ready. Thanks to AI, you don't need a computer science degree to get a job in tech, IBM AI chief says
Text Generation with Transformers
This Paper Introduces InsActor: Revolutionizing Animation with Diffusion-Based Human Motion Models for Intuitive Control and High-Level Instructions
Any recommendations for a custom LLM system for a beginner. [R] Generative AI for Math: Part I -- MathPile: A Billion-Token-Scale Pretraining Corpus for Math
I tried Google's AI-powered workplace assistant, Duet AI. It can help draft emails and edit documents, but I wouldn't trust it for anything important. More. MindsDB Docker Extension: Build ML powered apps at a much faster pace
[D] Large  action  models. TechScape: Cybercrime, AI supremacy and the metaverse   the tech stories that will dominate 2024
7 business leaders reveal how their companies are embracing AI in 2024
What does 2024 hold for AI in Europe. S. HP Inc. Big Data Industry Predictions for 2024
Helm. Indian AI and Robotics Startup Claims Level 5 Autonomy
Why ChatGPT has become Lazy. S. 'We're in a different world. Any suggestions, folks. Meeting hate - is this common. The Future Of Consumer Healthcare: Unleashing The Power Of AI For a Holistic Approach
[D] How much should I charge for a pytorch contract programming. 8B with New Funding
AI Model Makes Mickey Mouse Images as Disney Copyright Ends
Hybrid AI and apps will be in focus in 2024, says Goldman Sachs CIO
Is AI Code Generation An Age of Industrial Revolution for Software Enterprise. Fair Use and Copyright Clash Over AI Training Methods
It's 2024 and they just want to learn
Microsoft Copilot is now available on iOS and Android
AI could make cities autonomous, but that doesn't mean we should let it happen
AI powered video summarizer with Amazon Bedrock and Anthropic's Claude
Enhancing Accountability and Trust: Meet the 'AI Foundation Model Transparency Act'
DNA Sequence Classification Using Naive Baye's Algorithm
What is 'expedited onboarding' and how will AI influence it. Too Many Python Versions to Manage. Pyenv to the Rescue
Knowledge Series #18: Databases Explained
LG's 2024 OLED TVs put a bigger focus on AI processing than ever before
Full-Stack Toolbox  : Python  Edition
[D] Thoughts on Mamba Speech Synthesis. All about the new Small Language Models   Phi-2
Court Docs Reveal Midjourney Wanted to Copy the Style of These Photographers
Robin AI raises $26 million to take its AI-powered legal contract solutions global
[D] Putting kaggle competition on resume. What Junior ML Engineers Actually Need to Know to Get Hired. AI can now attend a meeting and write code for you. Here's Your Simple Mathematical Explanation
Announcing the ODSC East 2024 Pre-Bootcamp Primer Courses
Postgres Rolls Into 2024 with Massive Momentum. Can It Keep It Up. How do you use it in your job. [D]
Intel spins out a new generative AI company
Level 50 Data Scientist: Python Libraries to Know
2024 will be the Year of Microsoft Copilot
Improving Azure AI Search results with semantic search
Yes, Some New Windows Keyboards Are Getting a 'Copilot Key' to Quick-Access AI
Study Shows that LLMs are Gender Bias
K Health & Mayo Clinic to develop Cardiac Clinical AI Solution
8 backend repos used by the top 1% of python devs
How do we find the repos used by the top 1% of devs. Keyboard Gets Changed After 30 Years Thanks to Microsoft Copilot
Philosophy and data science   Thinking deeply about data
AI search startup Perplexity raises $74 million at $520 million valuation
There's only a 5% chance of AI making humans extinct, a study featuring 2,700 AI researchers has found
Art Meets Algorithm: Can AI Create True Beauty. We must teach our kids how to use it. Microsoft Researchers Introduce an Innovative Artificial Intelligence Method for High-Quality Text Embeddings Using Synthetic Data. Accelerating Inference on End-to-End Workflows with H2O. py | #12: Explica este código Python
This Legal AI Startup's Approach Won It Attention from Singapore
All LLM improvements are just task contamination. I. Can AI provide better customer service. The Man Who Made Robots Dance Now Wants Them to Think for Themselves
What Makes A Strong AI. [D] Dropping out ML PhD - advice. Encoding Categorical Data with One-hot Encoding
Where do the non-stupid people work. What are the best deep learning papers of 2023. What Next. Exploring Graph Neural Network Recommendation Engines
Applying for Data Analyst Roles as Data Scientist: A Wise Career Move. [Discussion]
Harness the Power of R for Survival Analysis: Join Our {ggsurvfit} Webinar. 7B: Scaling Large Language Models with Simple yet Effective Depth Up-Scaling
[D] ArXiv alternatives (or is there possible for more  on hold  transparency). The machine learning library explained
I moved to Dubai from the UK and love it. Life is safer and easier here. cpp: An Open-Source Machine Learning Library to Run the LLaMA Model Using 4-bit Integer Quantization on a MacBook
The top 7 people in artificial intelligence  defense
BrainChip takes Vegas to the Edge with 'All Things AI' at CES 2024
Nvidia GeForce RTX 4090 vs. AMD Radeon RX 7900 XTX: Is the GeForce Premium Worth It. ChatGPT Is Accused of Copying. What's next for AI regulation in 2024. Foxconn Expects Sales to Fall as iPhone Doubts Grow
Is imposter syndrome in data analytics/science common. [D]
(New Approach) LLMs + Knowledge Graph : Handling Large documents and data for any industry. S. Think Again. Low Quality Image Detection
How much detail is too much. Here Are the Best. 4% support faster development and 34. 7% support slower development, AI development's pace will keep accelerating, and more (Matthias Bastian/The Decoder)
[D] How to stay updated with latest paper in ML. ByteDance Introduces the Diffusion Model with Perceptual Loss: A Breakthrough in Realistic AI-Generated Imagery
Fight with AI. When I had a 'fight' with GPT bot, C. Does Using an LLM During the Hiring Process Make You a Fraud as a Candidate. Specialized models: How AI is following the path of hardware evolution
How Will GPT Evolve in 2024. Compositional LLMs - Paper from Deepmind introduces CALM
[D] How can I gain experience in AI/ML for research positions
Build It Or Buy It. Generative AI's Million Dollar Question. Transformers. is the hype real. Career doubt
Is it worth getting a Masters in DS anymore. Is It Always a Bad Thing. 5M upfront and $2. Will AI help, or make things worse. How to watch the Hyundai CES 2024 press conference
How to do  know  if your daily work is contributing to building domain knowledge. And, how do you identify and seek domain knowledge. alacritty-themes not working any more. io
Researchers from Tsinghua University Unveil 'Gemini': A New AI Approach to Boost Performance and Energy Efficiency in Chiplet-Based Deep Neural Network Accelerators
'Magic: The Gathering' artist quits after publisher admits to using AI art in recent images
What's next for AI and industry-academia relations. This One-Year-Old Startup Is Hoping to be the Next Google Can They Succeed. Can Large Language Models Handle Longer Contexts Without Additional Training. 'Impossible' to create AI tools like ChatGPT without copyrighted material, OpenAI says
How will AI and automation impact businesses in 2024. 1. A Review. I know people love to hate AI, but. 9% factual accuracy in conversations with human users about recent topics, 55. 0% better than GPT-4. - Stanford University 2023
Volkswagen plans to integrate ChatGPT into its cars to control basic functions and answer  general knowledge questions , starting in Europe in Q2 2024 (Andrew J. I. Apple M3 Machine Learning Speed Test
Mixtral 8x7B is currently the best open-source LLM, surpassing GPT-3. 5
What Temperature Means in Natural Language Processing and AI
AI is everything - everything is AI
We open sourced our AI gateway written in TS
Neuchips' Demos Low-Power AI Upgrade For PCs
Edge 359: Understanding Tree-Of-Thoughts in LLM Reasoning
X's Grok chatbot has no reason to exist
Instacart Introduces Griffin 2. 0: It's Next-Gen Machine Learning Platform with Advanced Features
Mixtral MoE 8x7B details are out
[D] Are Custom LLM RAG apps going to become redundant. Can LLMs Replace Data Analysts. Mercedes-Benz's best-in-class voice assistant is getting an AI boost
Can a Single Model Revolutionize Music Understanding and Generation. IBM Report Highlights Consumer Interest in AI-Driven Shopping
How to add AI analytics to a Langchain agent. This Paper Introduces LLaMA Pro-8. 3B: A New Frontier in AI Adaptability
Why should I not drop my CS major for a DS major. Startup Rabbit Inc. It can go online, recreate basic UI for apps, and even see the world with a camera. Having more meetings to do practice isn't a possibility. Any alternatives tips. How to Design a Batch Processing. I'll go first. I. Lab in China
[D] Best Time Series models for Forecasting (alternative to TimeGPT). Walmart Collaborates with Microsoft. Lower latency, lower cost, more possibilities
Is it true that a few years ago you could get a good DS job with just a bootcamp/no CS DS degree. (Books. A loss could cause chaos for the entire AI industry. [D] Best ML tracking tool to monitor LIVE a pytorch model. 5. Is Mamba the End of ChatGPT As We Know It. S. Neural Network Quantization & Number Formats From First Principles
Is it normal to spend a day on something that doesn't work. Chen/New York Times)
AI will have a big impact on jobs this year. This AI Paper Seems to have an Answer. Did you know that only 6. 4% of federal IT projects are considered successful. [D]
Tutorial: Publishing a Custom Version of ChatGPT on the GPT Store
Pro Weekly: For Creator Startups, Money Doesn't Always Equal Success
Can large language models identify and correct their mistakes. (Google Research)
2023 Was the Year of AI. What Can Save the News Business. Crazy AIs. Is AI Dangerous For Developers. Understanding Generative AI: Part Two - Neural Networks
What do you think about Yann Lecun's controversial opinions about ML. [D]
What's new in the GitHub Community - 2024. 01. AI startup
Smart home speakers are almost dead. Can AI save them. what's your daily life like. did you regret it. Data Science Hiring Process at SAP Labs India
What kind of Data Scientist is in demand for 2024. About 200 apps and still no call. What is computer vision in the medical space like, jobs wise. [D] What is the best text-to-speech tool currently. The hard truth about AI. 3B and 0. [D] Question about Mixture of Experts in Transformers - Has anyone tried adding the router before the Multi Head Attention Blocks. Are you afraid of AI taking your job. TO Community want. 4
How is your notebook experimentation workflow. CrewAi + Solor/Hermes + Langchain + Ollama = Super Ai Agent
[D] What happens when we generate tokens beyond the training context length of LLMs. [P]
I controlled Super Mario with  Activity Recognition  using just my smartphone. What do you think. Will tech giants still hire you for top jobs if you stay in academia and teach for a few years. Any lifelike text-to-speech AI that is customizable in: whispering, pauses, slowing down. How to conduct research and get to the first paper. [D] [R] Causality and model-based RL: possible connection. What kinds of departments research modern experimental design. Seems that everyone is riding the same train. Do I have to do the same. Are you already on that train. Check Out ODSC's Ai X Podcast. Here are the 10 roles that AI is most likely to replace. Generative AI: Synthetic Data Generation with GANs using Pytorch
Microsoft unveils a slew of Copilot updates, including Copilot Pro. [D]
Weekly Top Picks #58
Is Moving to a City with More Opportunity the Best Choice right now. 5B deal to develop AI, digital payments, IoT, and other businesses; Vodafone will use OpenAI for customer service (Thomas Seal/Bloomberg)
Graph & Geometric ML in 2024: Where We Are and What's Next (Part II   Applications)
OpenAI Tests Source Classifier Tool for DALL E-Generated Images
Walles. dev and how do you use it. Team at Anthropic finds LLMs can be made to engage in deceptive behaviors
My greatest data science achievement. 5 Billion AI, Cloud Deal
Windows 11 Paint has its own AI image generator tool - here's how to use it
How OpenAI plans to handle genAI election fears
Musk Demands Bigger Stake in Tesla as Price for A. I. Pentagon using ChatGPT. Is the federal government doing enough to mitigate risks. 5 Based (SD 1. 7B, followed by Samsung's $39. I. AI Launches Premium. 13. 0 alpha 3 is now available. Deceptive LLMs, Model Poisoning, and Other Little Known Generative AI Security Risks
[D] Finetune all hyperparameters in one-go or divide them in categories. Could long form AI video content be made by transforming acting in 3d engine to photo quality realistic looking content frame by frame. [P] PyTorch 2 Internals
Quantum computing to spark 'cybersecurity Armageddon,' IBM says
Microsoft makes Reading Coach, its AI-powered tool that provides learners with personalized reading practice, available for free on the web (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
This Week's Most Read: Can AI Be Conscious. 2
With Microsoft's free AI tutor, students learn to read by choosing their own adventure
Bing Search shows few, if any, signs of market share increase from AI features
What are GPU Clusters. Components and Use Cases
Generative AI may reduce employee headcount by at least five percent in 2024, some CEOs say
Samsung Plans to Charge for Galaxy AI Features After Two Years
Microsoft makes its AI-powered reading tutor free
Are business leaders prepared for the AI transformation. This Machine Learning Research from Stanford and Microsoft Advances the Understanding of Generalization in Diffusion Models
[R] Context-Aware Meta-Learning
Is this the going rate these days. I. actually a serious and real field being research, or just another hype people are promoting. Would Love Insight. What is the most versatile regression method. [D] Facebook shuts down ParlAI, a framework for dialogue research
The A. I. ai   Interview Series
ChatGPT goes to college: OpenAI finds its first higher education partner
How Single-View 3D Reconstruction Works. What does it do. Stability AI releases Stable LM 2 1. [R] Vision Mamba: Efficient Visual Representation Learning with Bidirectional State Space Model
Deploying LLMs locally with Apple's MLX framework
The two faces of AI
Stability AI Releases Stable Code 3B: A 3 Billion Parameter Large Language Model (LLM) that Allows Accurate and Responsive Code Completion
Test Yourself: Which Faces Were Made by A. I. Not necessarily cutting-edge ML
Making a text art and SVG circle picker design tool in 34 lines of pure HTML web component code + 1 extra file (no node or JS. [R] Are Emergent Abilities in Large Language Models just In-Context Learning. What do you think. Or any hands on DL YouTube channels. Any alternatives. Breaking down Logistic Regression to its basics
Is Microsoft's AI Copilot the Future of Work. Multimodal AI Chatbot Recommendation. 9 vs 1. 0 For DreamBooth Training - Surprising Results
[P] I want to create a Large Vision Model (LVM) for Robotics
Can LLMs Revolutionize Recommendations. [D] What is state-of-the-art in object detection. or upskilling. I. Voice AI startup ElevenLabs lands $80m from a16z and Sequoia   and becomes a unicorn
Voice cloning startup ElevenLabs lands $80M, achieves unicorn status
Meta is going all in on artificial general intelligence, says Zuckerberg. Top 6 Generative AI Trends to Look for in 2024
Chinese Startup 01. I. AI
Musk's Grok Maker Aims for $15 Billion Valuation
Visual AI may change the job market slower than expected because it's too expensive
Regulators probe Microsoft's OpenAI ties   is it only smoke, or is there fire. AI's Approach to Enhancing Online Communication
Berlin-based Qdrant, which makes open source vector database of the same name, raised a $28M Series A led by Spark Capital, after raising $7. Mistral AI's Open-Source Mixtral 8x7B Outperforms GPT-3. Will They Lead to New Drugs. Qdrant raises $28M to Advance Massive-Scale AI Applications
Digital inspection portal uses AI and machine vision to examine moving trains
Microsoft and others are making new tools to help small businesses capitalize on AI
Knowledge Series #21: What is serverless. Probably not   human workers are cheaper. Hope y'all find this useful, some examples in the comments. No Code GenAI Agents Workflow Orchestration: AutoGen Studio with Local Mistral AI model
New research addresses predicting and controlling bad actor AI activity in a year of global elections
Made a project about Head Pose Estimation and had a lot of fun. Fake Biden robocall to New Hampshire voters highlights how easy it is to make deepfakes - and how hard it is to defend against AI-generated disinformation
Now is the time to invest in edtech
LLaVA: An open-source alternative to GPT-4V(ision)
[D] CVPR 2024 Reviews are out. 7M for its 'more realistic' AI photography app
Apple Scales Back Self-Driving Ambitions, Delays Launch
Got my first job. 3B (Bloomberg)
Small Language Models Gaining Ground at Enterprises
What to do about AI in health. AI predicting disaster events like economic or societal chaos. Electricity Demand at Data Centers Seen Doubling in Three Years
How to write better ChatGPT prompts in 5 steps
[D] Testing LLM-based applications is hard. How are you dealing with this. Researchers from Washington University in St. C. 67B and net profit up 9% YoY to &euro;2B, both above est. AI is leading the open source AI race (Will Knight/Wired)
UX is becoming less important in the age of AI. The demands of regulated industries helped this startup raise $8M for its conversational AI approach
Generate knowledge with Semantic Graphs and RAG
[D] When does it make sense to train on TPU. in gradient descent, why are we adding the delta to the weights. Top Important LLM Papers for the Week from 15/01 to 21/01
Question from my Recent Interview
ASML Orders Triple as Demand for Most-Advanced Gear Soars
Google enhances Chrome and Ads with new AI features to streamline user experiences
This ML Project Gives You an Unfair Advantage
How do I start learning NLP. Most Top News Sites Block AI Bots. that can do a significant portion of what doctors (nonprocedural) do. But what does that mean. It Was Written by A. I. Apple is working on AI models that can run on-device rather than on the cloud
Apple's on-device gen AI for the iPhone should surprise no-one. 2 Memory Chip Maker SK Hynix Reports Surprise Profit
Progression of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Systems
Research Focus: Week of January 22, 2024
Supercharge Your AI Journey. Jesus. But do you really need a Ph. D. to get one. 7 billion lawsuit over AI chips patent infringement
[D] Any Reliable Tool for ML Testing and Monitoring. I. Building AI agents with Semantic Kernel
Sloan's Inbox: Any advice for overcoming a fear of public speaking. I'm not convinced. The New York Times thinks so, and it may be right
Here is another FREE AI Webinar: 'LangChain for Multimodal Apps: Chat With Text/Image Data'. Hands-On LangChain for LLM Applications Development: Information Retrieval
Comprehensive Guide to 13 Cutting-Edge Machine Learning Summer Schools in 2024
Google's Hugging Face deal puts 'supercomputer' power behind open-source AI
Microsoft, Amazon and Google Face F. T. C. Inquiry Over A. I. Google Cloud and Hugging Face join forces to advance open-source AI
FTC investigating Microsoft, Amazon, and Google investments into OpenAI and Anthropic
OpenAI announces lower GPT-3. first Meta. Now Google, partnering with Hugging Face, goes open source. Next up, Amazon and Apple. AI Companies Are Obsessed with AGI. 4B vs. $15. 15B est. js and GPT-4: A Guide to Streaming Generated Content as UI Components
iOS 17. 4M on the Trustworthy AI Dialogue Engine, or Taide, an LLM for businesses, banks, and other customers, to counter China's influence (Jennifer Creery/Bloomberg)
Cruise wasn't hiding the pedestrian-dragging video from regulators   it just had bad internet
IBM's stock closes up 9. OpenAI: New Embedding Models, Price cuts for GPT-3. 5, Moderation API and More. S. Study Shows Decline in Google Search Quality and Reveals Path for Generative AI Adoption
Simplifying Decorators in Python | A step-by-step approach. From where. Data Warehouse vs. This AI Paper from Sun Yat-sen University and Tencent AI Lab Introduces FUSELLM: Pioneering the Fusion of Diverse Large Language Models for Enhanced Capabilities
Nightshade, the tool that 'poisons' data, gives artists a fighting chance against AI
Unite. TaskingAI: Easily Build LLM Apps and Agents With Your Data. Is there anything new and fancy. ChatGPT's new  @GPT  feature paves the way for OpenAI's vision of a universal assistant
Google's Bard has just made a stunning leap, surpassing GPT-4 to the SECOND SPOT on the leaderboard. What is AI actually capable of that I should know so that I don't get left in the dust. Google AI Presents Lumiere: A Space-Time Diffusion Model for Video Generation
What AI can summarize YouTube videos and Spotify podcasts, any free. Meet the Creator of       Llama
[D] How do you keep motivated to stay up-to-date with the trends. What will be the new entry level jobs it creates. We've been here before. Here Are 5 Ways You Can Improve Your Code. Where's the best place to find a robot cat. I try reading the documentation but it's confusing to me. Elon Musk says his AI startup xAI is  not raising capital
Microsoft's latest build for Windows 11 offers slew of new features
Can AI do ugly. I. Episode
X appears to block Taylor Swift searches. I used Google's new AI Art Selfie feature to become a 'Girl with a Pearl Earring'
30+ ChatGPT AI Prompts That Are Short, Silly, But Highly EFFECTIVE. + Examples
Java vs. Data Machina #238
7 Super Helpful AI Tools Every Developer Should Know
PRISM: AI models may help detect pancreatic cancer earlier
ChatGPT is Offering 10+ FREE Courses
New Gemini Pro Better than GP-4. Midjourney v6   Now with Vary(Region) in-painting
[D] Best Practices for Semantic Search on 200k vectors (30GB) Worth of Embeddings. Where does it come from. I hope it can help others on their ML journey. 6B) - Very Impressive. How to Stay Ahead in an AI World
A woman in China has decided to leave her $2. 8m fortune to her dogs and cats and nothing to her children, says report
UPDATE #2: I built an app to make my job search a little more sane, and I thought others might like it too. No ads, no recruiter spam, etc. The EASIEST Local LLM App (OpenAI-compatible API). How to Monitor a Computer Vision Model in Production. [D] how to make my training faster. This AI Paper from China Introduces StreamVoice: A Novel Language Model-Based Zero-Shot Voice Conversion System Designed for Streaming Scenarios
How do I Know I am no Longer a Beginner. LWiAI Podcast #152 - live translation on phones, Meta aims at AGI, AlphaGeometry, political deepfakes, and more. Do you have LLMs in prod at work. If so, what for. [D]
Considering The Ethical Responsibilities Of ML And AI Engineers
Samsung to build chip factory run by entirely AI. I. Next Level SD 1. Nvidia's Big Tech Rivals Put Their Own A. I. Chips on the Table
Nearly $5 Trillion was Added to Tech Titans in 2023
[D] what's the proper way of doing direct preference optimization (DPO) and why. The Executive in Charge of A. I. learning variance and mean [Discussion]
Evaluating Large Language Models: A Technical Guide
Microsoft CEO Horrified by AI-Generated Taylor Swift Images
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra first reviews are out to positive impressions
Researchers harness large language models to accelerate materials discovery
Text Generation with GPT
Google's Lumiere: New AI Model that Creates Realistic Videos
An Interactive Visualisation for your Graph Neural Network Explanations
The $880 billion U. S. military budget for 2024 probably spends more on AI than Google and Meta combined. They should share their results with the U. S. public. 9. 7. Optimize with H2O Hydrogen Torch for peak model performance
Meta AI's LARGEST CodeLlama BEATS GPT-4, Gemini PRO. How To Install CodeLlama 70B Locally For FREE. (EASY)
Very small vision language model. Can the next one be stopped. 6 Trillion Fund Returns 16% on AI-Driven Tech Surge
[D] Experiments with Mixtral-8x7B using Multiple Libraries - Got max 52 tokens/sec. Thoughts. Banks are Working on Tech to Counter Deepfakes
10 Tips to Take Your ChatGPT Prompts to the Next Level
Deploying Open-Source Language Models on AWS Lambda
Inference. ai
#81: World's Largest Ad Group Goes All-In on AI, Google Bard Surpasses GPT-4, and Introducing AI Literacy for All
String Functions in MySQL | Intermediate MySQL Series
753: Blend Any Programming Languages in Your ML Workflows   with Dr. | Beyond the code | AIM
India's first AI unicorn: Ola's Krutrim #llms #ai #fundraising #india #tech
Codeium, whose AI tools help companies write code, raised a $65M Series B led by Kleiner Perkins, a source says at a $500M valuation, and reports 300K+ users (Katie Roof/Bloomberg)
AI Companies Will Be Required to Report Safety Tests to U. S. Government
An AI-Generated Content Empire Is Spreading Fake Celebrity Images on Google
What Does a Data Engineering Job Involve in 2024. Is it common. 2. Here's what that means for business leaders. 2. 9 is released. More LLMs supported. Shell script now work with any of the 3000+ GGUF repos on Hugging Face. (Ep. I. How Oracle Machine Learning for R Helps with ML and Massive Datasets
Google DeepMind Veteran Departs to Launch AI Agent Startup
Run Code Llama 70B with an API
Microsoft adds new Designer protections following Taylor Swift deepfake debacle
Using A. I. Copilot Pro: Is the subscription fee worth it. Humanoid Robot Startup Figure AI in Funding Talks With Microsoft, OpenAI
It's true, LLMs are better than people   at creating convincing misinformation
Source: Figure, which is building a humanoid robot, is in talks to raise as much as $500M in a round led by Microsoft and OpenAI at a $1. Replika's new AI therapy app tries to bring you to a zen island
CodeLlama 70B: The Best Opensource Coding LLM Beating GPT-4. What's Next. I. But Is It Really Better Than a Human. What do you think of this Data Science job requirements. Is it too advanced or is this the norm. You'll just get fired
Chain of Thought Prompting: That's how we make the models think. 6. How Reliable are Concept Removal Methods for Diffusion Models. (arXiv:2309. CR] UPDATED)
Adaptive Experiment Design with Synthetic Controls. (arXiv:2401. ML])
Improving Forecasts for Heterogeneous Time Series by  Averaging , with Application to Food Demand Forecast. (arXiv:2306. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2312. NA] UPDATED)
Clover: Closed-Loop Verifiable Code Generation. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2401. SE] UPDATED)
Effect of Weight Quantization on Learning Models by Typical Case Analysis. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2401. AT])
Neural networks for geospatial data. (arXiv:2304. ML] UPDATED)
Interpretable Imitation Learning with Dynamic Causal Relations. (arXiv:2310. LG] UPDATED)
Nearest neighbor empirical processes. (arXiv:2110. ST] UPDATED)
Rethinking Spectral Graph Neural Networks with Spatially Adaptive Filtering. (arXiv:2401. LG] UPDATED)
FedPDD: A Privacy-preserving Double Distillation Framework for Cross-silo Federated Recommendation. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2307. LG] UPDATED)
Powerformer: A Section-adaptive Transformer for Power Flow Adjustment. (arXiv:2401. LG] UPDATED)
Data-centric Graph Learning: A Survey. (arXiv:2310. LG] UPDATED)
High-Dimensional False Discovery Rate Control for Dependent Variables. (arXiv:2401. ME] UPDATED)
Ring-A-Bell. How Reliable are Concept Removal Methods for Diffusion Models. (arXiv:2310. LG] UPDATED)
Learning Interpretable Rules for Scalable Data Representation and Classification. (arXiv:2310. LG] UPDATED)
HAAQI-Net: A non-intrusive neural music quality assessment model for hearing aids. (arXiv:2401. AS] UPDATED)
Discovering Mathematical Formulas from Data via GPT-guided Monte Carlo Tree Search. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2309. (arXiv:2305. (arXiv:2309. LG] UPDATED)
Parallel Affine Transformation Tuning of Markov Chain Monte Carlo. (arXiv:2401. ME])
Dynamical System Identification, Model Selection and Model Uncertainty Quantification by Bayesian Inference. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2310. (arXiv:2401. ML] UPDATED)
TransGNN: Harnessing the Collaborative Power of Transformers and Graph Neural Networks for Recommender Systems. (arXiv:2308. LG] UPDATED)
Causal Forecasting for Pricing. (arXiv:2312. ML] UPDATED)
Solving the flexible job-shop scheduling problem through an enhanced deep reinforcement learning approach. (arXiv:2310. AI] UPDATED)
Unified Transfer Learning Models in High-Dimensional Linear Regression. (arXiv:2307. ML] UPDATED)
Automatically Testing Functional Properties of Code Translation Models. (arXiv:2309. SE] UPDATED)
Adversarial Machine Learning in Latent Representations of Neural Networks. (arXiv:2309. LG] UPDATED)
Equivariant Matrix Function Neural Networks. (arXiv:2310. ML] UPDATED)
Tensor-view Topological Graph Neural Network. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2304. (arXiv:2401. SP] UPDATED)
FDR-Controlled Portfolio Optimization for Sparse Financial Index Tracking. (arXiv:2401. PM] UPDATED)
Learning Hybrid Dynamics Models With Simulator-Informed Latent States. (arXiv:2309. LG] UPDATED)
Data-Driven Projection for Reducing Dimensionality of Linear Programs: Generalization Bound and Learning Methods. (arXiv:2309. LG] UPDATED)
ChatGPT Plus users can now add relevant GPTs to their chats - here's how
PrIsing: Privacy-Preserving Peer Effect Estimation via Ising Model. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2307. SP] UPDATED)
Reinforcement Unlearning. (arXiv:2312. CR] UPDATED)
Individualized Multi-Treatment Response Curves Estimation using RBF-net with Shared Neurons. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2310. flu-dyn] UPDATED)
Self-Supervised Learning in Event Sequences: A Comparative Study and Hybrid Approach of Generative Modeling and Contrastive Learning. (arXiv:2401. LG] UPDATED)
Discrete Graph Auto-Encoder. (arXiv:2306. LG] UPDATED)
Exact Inference for Continuous-Time Gaussian Process Dynamics. (arXiv:2309. (arXiv:2306. CY] UPDATED)
Simple and Controllable Music Generation. (arXiv:2306. SD] UPDATED)
Blind Audio Bandwidth Extension: A Diffusion-Based Zero-Shot Approach. (arXiv:2306. AS] UPDATED)
Cross-silo Federated Learning with Record-level Personalized Differential Privacy. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2311. (arXiv:2401. (arXiv:2305. Teens on social media need both protection and privacy. Understanding GPT 3. Animate Anyone - Only 1 Image needed. This Will Change How You Use ChatGPT Forever. These Are the Most Used AI Applications
Why are we alive. non data science jobs that a senior data scientist can do. CEO Confirms. How can news media use AI responsibly. I. C. Thoughts. [D] What's the best current RAG setup that would work with a local LLM. I. -Powered Search Engine Replace Google. It Has for Me. or just another efficient model. 0's Future. OpenAI's GPT-4 Is Not Good at Designing Biological Weapons
Opinion: How will generative AI impact our devices. In cloud, there's AI (which is hot) and everything else (which is not)
Google plans to roll out a Google Maps feature that uses LLMs to analyze data on 250M+ places and recommend places, starting in the US (Andrew J. Next Steps
Vision Pro - The Problem with Spatial Computing
Talking Instead of Typing: Who Else is Doing This. ChatGPT: Is Gemini Better Than ChatGPT. ChatGPT Team: Which is the best for your business. DeepSeek-AI Introduce the DeepSeek-Coder Series: A Range of Open-Source Code Models from 1. js and Vue 3. Meet the UC Berkeley professor tracking election deepfakes
[P] Segment Anything Model (SAM) Benchmark on 22 consumer GPUs
Amazon Introduces Rufus, Generative AI Shopping Assistant
How Fast Is MLX. A Comprehensive Benchmark on 8 Apple Silicon Chips and 4 CUDA GPUs
Best LLM ever after GPT4. Try these five headsets instead. 5M, its founder credits AI-driven growth in Armenia's 'Mini-Silicon Valley'
France Is Having an AI Moment
Big Book of R at 400 [New milestone. S. Relations Sour, Baidu's VC Affiliate Tries to Sell Its U. S. Startup Stakes
Master Essential   Key Statistics Every Aspiring Data Scientist Must Grasp Before Taking the Dive. First in-depth survey on the topic of deep transfer learning for intelligent vehicle perception
Simplify Your Data Engineering Journey: The Essential PySpark Cheat Sheet for Success. Code/Syntax Highlighting Using highlight. Windows
Windows Keyboard Shortcuts
Start your own podcast. How I'm feeling about AI and the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Sparse LLMs at inference: 6x faster transformers. (e. g. Do any free online AI radio stations exist where you can pick what format it uses to play songs with like a real station would. Data Scientist Vs. Data Analyst: Which one fits you. I. Why do we require a layer structure. Best AI that can analyze old questions and generate a mock test. [D] Publishing Negative Results
llm-sentence-transformers 0. 2
9 Simple Tips to Take You From  Busy  Data Scientist to Productive Data Scientist in 2024
Are Outliers Harder To Predict. Labour would force AI firms to share their technology's test data
Simplifying Data Analysis With AI and DevTools - for the non-Python developer. Meaning Alignment Institute: Aligning Humanity. What's the best AI research agent you've used. Started interviewing again and keep bombing soft skill questions due to lack of experience, please help. Now we long to have them back. 6, LangChain4j, Spring Cloud
Can AI Unlock the Secrets of the Ancient World. 4M, vs. $602. 4M est. , net income $93. 4M, up from $30. 5) LLMs. LEAK: Google Gemini Ultra Coming This Week. py files. Navigating Slowly Changing Dimensions (SCD) and Data Reinstatement: A Comprehensive Guide
A Blueprint to AI Coins: Is the Risk Worth the Reward. Last Week in AI #256: A truly open LLM, Deepfake scams $34 million, FCC cracks down on AI robocalls, how AI is used in music, and more. As written text, video, audiobooks or interactive jupyter notebooks. AI Startup Roundup: Apple Eyes AI Startup to Fuel Vision Pro Plans
B. C. We just launched our 2nd FREE Email Course (5 Days): AI in Healthcare: Create your own Meditron 7B LLM + RAG app
[R] Is Mamba Capable of In-Context Learning. Could AI Disrupt Peer Review. Meta Calls for Industry Effort to Label A. I. -Generated Content
A Day in the Life of an Analytics Consultant in 2024
What is Hybrid Search. S. Is it going to kill everyone. How can do do this right. Just ask AI
Meta to try 'cutting edge' AI detection on its platforms - asking people to add labels
Language Bias, Be Gone. Tech Trends 2024: What's on the Horizon. They give us a surprising edge. AI doctors and chatbot nurses. But is it enough. UK government plans to spend over £100M on AI. What is 'Typological Diversity' in NLP. 12. 2 and 3. 11. 8 are now available. 0a8: JavaScript plugins, new plugin hooks and plugin configuration in datasette. 04239] CAST: Clustering Self-Attention using Surrogate Tokens for Efficient Transformers
AI can use human perception to help tune out noisy audio
Want to work in AI. Employees vs. Entrepreneurs: Which is Right For You. Getting Back on Grid
The LEAKED GPT-4 system prompt is Insane. Man Uses AI to Talk to 5,000 Women on Tinder, Finds Wife
But What is Backpropagation, Really. 2. It Might Be the Biggest Update in Google's History. Google Assistant is now powered by Gemini   sort of
Google's Gemini is now in everything. Here's how you can try it out. Is it really Mistral-Medium. Knowledge workers who don't use AI will fall behind, says top executive
OpenAI is Developing AI Agents
Google Releases Gemini, an A. I. I'm doing PhD in ML, and I'm a failure. Google joins the C2PA steering committee to develop a standard to label AI content via metadata alongside Adobe, the BBC, Microsoft, Sony, and others (Tiffany Hsu/New York Times)
AR glasses with multimodal AI nets funding from Pokémon Go creator
The most promising AI smart glasses are from a brand you've never heard of
Google launches Gemini Advanced subscription with its most powerful Ultra model
You can try Google's new 'AI Premium Plan' for free. Here's how (and why you'll want to)
What is spatial computing and how does it work. S. Difference between LLM Pretraining and Finetuning
Gemini Ultra 1. See Elon Musk's competition. Why Digital Transformations Failed and AI Implementations Are Likely To
F. C. C. Bans A. I. [R] Robust Reinforcement Learning
FCC bans robocalls using deepfake voice clones - but AI-generated disinformation still looms over elections
U. S. It'll cost you $19. 99 a month to find out. - LLM, RAG, GenAI, OR Framework. test coverage in Python
Manning Introduces: Object-Oriented Software Design in C++
Google Gemini Advanced - The BEST AI. S. Sources: Sam Altman is in talks with investors, including the UAE government, to raise funds for an AI chip initiative that could cost as much as $5T to $7T (Wall Street Journal)
What Would Causal Inference in Interviews even look like. Accelerated Event-Based Feature Detection and Compression for Surveillance Video Systems
Benchmarking Large Language Models on Communicative Medical Coaching: a Novel System and Dataset
Named Entity Recognition for Address Extraction in Speech-to-Text Transcriptions Using Synthetic Data
How Well Can LLMs Negotiate. Effects of LLM-Powered Search Systems on Diverse Information Seeking
Where Would Meta Be without Open Source AI. I. OpenAI's ChatGPT Plus: Which is worth your $20 a month. 20 Free HTML landing page templates
[D] What are your favorite tools for research. I. GPT-4's Biggest Competitor Gemini Ultra is Out. A big tech stack for big data
Tiny Titans Triumph: The Surprising Efficiency of Compact LLMs Exposed. py | #49: Explica este código Python
A self-discovery approach: DeepMind framework allows LLMs to find and use task-intrinsic reasoning structures
Calendar AI | Tutorial for building custom ChatGPT with Google and Notion integrations
Sam Altman wants to raise up to $7 trillion. Introduction to Query Pipelines (Building Advanced RAG, Part 1)
Google's Bard Is Now Gemini - What's New. visX: a Block-Based Frontend to Wolfram Language
Free GPT Store, Google Labs and More. (Use Cases)
Is it normal for a team to be writing in multiple programming languages. Here's How to Try Apple's New AI Image Editor
Explainer: What Is Clustering. B. Move Over US: France Wants to be an AI Superpower
What is Google's Gemini AI tool (formerly Bard). Everything you need to know
FCC Bans AI Robocalls - Even If No Intent to Harm
How I write HTTP services in Go after 13 years
Nvidia gears up to protect its AI chip dominance with custom solutions for cloud companies
ChatGPT vs. Microsoft Copilot vs. Gemini: Which is the best AI chatbot. Which ones are recommended. Now he wants to do it again with AI. AI firm considers banning creation of political images for 2024 elections
[D] Can you extract the encoder part of an llm for feature extraction. OpenAI is developing  AI agents. Here's what that means. [P] Just launched  Edgen: Open-Source, Local and Private AI. I am creating THE platform to collaborate & create on
How to Generate Synthetic Data for Pretraining and Finetuning
Can you extract the encoding part of an llm. Solo Giants. What issues do you have with them. I. What do they know which I don't. How AI is changing the 3D world: Insights into the methods, datasets, and applications
Semantic Signal Separation
chain of thought reasoning via simulated passage of time prompting to bypass corporate query blocks
7 Side Hustle Ideas for Developers
Nvidia AI Developer Contest - Speech to Image TensorRT - GTC 2024
AI Crafted the Perfect Beer
Patrick Ribeiro: explorer. land
[R] Do Transformer World Models Give Better Policy Gradients. (100% Local Free VSCode CoPilot)
Automate Model Deployment to SageMaker Endpoints with W&B
Is Ukraine the First  AI War. 36. ) roles split into domain specific roles. Install open-source AI in a commercial robot and it'll clean your room
Where have you seen rule-based text classification being applied. No server, no subscriptions, no hidden costs. Let's write a collaborative book. Google Research Introduces TimesFM: A Single Forecasting Model Pre-Trained on a Large Time-Series Corpus of 100B Real World Time-Points
The Battle of Open Source vs Closed Source Language Models: A Technical Analysis
The Noonification: How Do We Make Blockchain As Popular As AI. For Build Developer Conference, Semantic Kernel AI SDK Aims for 'First-Class Agent Support'
7 Must-Have Figma Plugins for Effortless HTML & CSS Conversion
LangChain 101: Part 3b. Do Membership Inference Attacks Work on Large Language Models. Decoding the Popularity of TV Series: A Network Analysis Perspective
Major companies are reportedly using this AI tool to track Slack and Teams messages from more than 3 million employees. Privacy experts are alarmed. British chip designer ARM Holdings' stock soars amid AI hype
Cruise appoints safety chief amid self-driving turmoil
AI chips don't need trillion-dollar investments: Nvidia CEO
AI to amplify skills demand, say energy professionals
Spectral AI appoints Dr. J. Who do I believe. Sure, I've heard it. But is AI coming for my job. I. Film Competition - made 100% with A. I. js and OpenAI GPT-3. Fetch. 5. Will AGI pose a threat to humanity. We asked 3 experts at TNW Conference
Enhance. AI Super Resolution Is Here. How AI Eliminates Common Supply Chain Bottlenecks
The AI Act looms closer, but will it be enough. Otter brings GenAI to your meetings with AI summaries, AI chat and more
NVIDIA's new AI chatbot runs locally on your PC
Dr. 0 file from 1990, can we open it. How do land a causal inference focused DS job. 10. 6
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang has a clever idea on how Nvidia can make even more money with AI
Sarah Silverman's copyright infringement suit against OpenAI will advance in pared-down form
The Most Advanced Libraries for Data Visualization and Analysis on the Web
Algorithms don't understand sarcasm. Yeah, right. Microsoft's  Interactive Agent Foundation Model  learns in Minecraft
New GPT Store You Can Use for Free. OS-Copilot: Your Personal AI Agent with Semantic Memory - Rabbit R1 Alternative That is FREE. Kubernetes for Developers - First Chapter Summary
ChatGPT can REMEMBER YOU. Kickstart Your Enterprise Model Management Journey with Weights & Biases
OpenAI Hits $2B Revenue Run Rate
Microsoft AI Copilot is Amazing But Broken
What is missing from current AI. Live CEOing Ep 767: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [BitFlip, KeepElements, and More]
Stable Cascade Prompt Following Is Amazing   This Model Has Huge Potential   High Resolutions Uses Lesser VRAM
Master's of Data Science Programs Go Online
OpenAI Researcher Andrej Karpathy Departs
Google's Gemini AI Keeps Your Conversations for Up to 3 Years (Even If You Delete Them)
Generative AI Design Patterns: A Comprehensive Guide
Roundtable: Healthcare Organizations Put Generative AI Under the Microscope
Databricks CEO Predicts Major Drop in AI Chip Prices
Would you agree. For the first time since 2002, Nvidia ended a trading day with a bigger market value than Amazon, as its market cap reached $1. No, But How About Having a Car as Co-Pilot. Andrej Karpathy is leaving OpenAI again   but he says there was no drama
DS Jobs in Social Sciences. Using homomorphic encryption. How to Build Your Own LLM Coding Assistant With Code Llama
Cohere's nonprofit research lab releases its open-source multilingual LLM Aya, which it says can follow instructions in more than 100 languages (Alison Snyder/Axios)
How can I compete with this. io are available to everyone. 0. NET 9
A Mozilla study of 11 AI romance chatbots finds that they harvest personal information extensively, and that 10 of them may sell or share the data they collect (Thomas Germain/Gizmodo)
[D] If I have a sampling strategy A, B, and C and B perform the best. Would that still be true if data scaled. More VRAM for AI in future GPUs. - Is open source. Any recommendations. Copilot: Which AI chatbot is better for you. What Is Generative AI. Is It a Bubble, or Is It Just Getting Started. G. The implications are huge. Microsoft makes  3. S. Torch. AI awarded New Patent for Autonomous Graph Compute Invention
Creating a GPT Assistant That Writes Pipeline Tests
Google's new Gemini model can analyze an hour-long video   but few people can use it
Meet Gemini 1. What's coming up at #AAAI2024. Nvidia is now worth more than Alphabet and Amazon. These 4 charts show the chipmaker's surge to a $1. 8 trillion valuation. Our next-generation model: Gemini 1. 2B into German AI technologies
Gemini 1. Google's INSANE New GEMINI 1. 5 Launch. Fine-tuning a CRAZY Local Mistral 7B Model - Step by Step - together. 5 Crushes ChatGPT and Claude with Largest-Ever 1 Mn Token Context Window
MIT's StreamingLLM Makes Your Chatbots Talk Better, Longer
Microsoft President Brad Smith says the company plans to invest &euro;3. 5 Pro is a new, more efficient AI model
Amazon AGI Team Say Their AI Is Showing  Emergent Abilities
AI Compute Startup Lambda Hits $1. 5B Valuation After Massive $320M Raise
Nvidia's  Chat With RTX  is a ChatGPT-style app that runs on your own GPU
OpenAI's Sora Turns AI Prompts Into Photorealistic Videos
OpenAI Unveils Sora, an A. I. Microsoft's vision for. Sora by OpenAI
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang and H. E. - My Reaction
Google Launches Gemini 1. 5 with ONE MILLION Token Context Window
Can someone help explain conformal predictions in simple terms. 13. How to brief your company's Board About Generative AI With Visuals. 5 AI launch, one week after Ultra 1. We Haven't Reached Peak AI Frenzy. FakeNews: GAN-based generation of realistic 3D volumetric data -- A systematic review and taxonomy
[R] Self-Correcting Self-Consuming Loops for Generative Model Training
How ChatGPT (and other AI chatbots) can help you write an essay
Theoretical Guarantees for Permutation-Equivariant Quantum Neural Networks
5 Bad Habits Killing Your Potential as a Data Engineer
GeoEval: Benchmark for Evaluating LLMs and Multi-Modal Models on Geometry Problem-Solving
Are self-explanations from Large Language Models faithful. Take a look for yourself
The State of A. I. , and Will Perplexity Beat Google or Destroy the Web. I. They Must Be AI-Generated. Really. 09%, limit and market orders, more (Oliver Knight/CoinDesk)
Universal Basic Income Has Been Tried Over and Over Again. It Works Every Time. Would you trust an AI bot to find the fix for vulnerabilities in your code. LOCAL INSTALL in 1 CLICK. BIGGEST AI NEWS of 2024 - Sora OpenAI - Gemini 1. 5 - Nvidia AI Chat and more
New Chinese AI Chips. Can They Really Compete
The Most Insane Week of AI News So Far This Year. 28. Here's How. 5 Pro: Has a 1 Million Context-Window. Better Than GPT-4. Why did you choose data science vs. some other software engineering/development discipline. FTC asks normal folks if they'd like AI impersonation scam protection, too
Exploring Object Detection with R-CNN Models   A Comprehensive Beginner's Guide (Part 2)
Datasette 1. Chatbots like Bard (Gemini) and ChatGPT are too nice and cautious. What do you think. Will AI Replace Us. ai
Datasette 1. What would you change in your company if you were CEO. As a Data Scientist, do you suggest vision is a good area to master amidst tech hiring slowdown. Will AI impact the United States elections. Any big developments. What does it mean. May 30-31, Bengaluru
Why ai. com from Elon Musk
Any-point Trajectory Modeling for Policy Learning
Evaluating LLM Summaries using Embedding Distance with LangSmith. Last Week in AI #258: OpenAI's text-to-video model, Gemini 1. 5 with >1M context length, Meta's self-supervised learning model, Chat with RT-X and more. 10 Sora and Gemini 1. I. 0. 0 is Coming to Town
[D] Paper Explained: V-JEPA: Revisiting Feature Prediction for Learning Visual Representations from Video (Video Analysis)
How do you learn about new analyses to apply to a situation. What is ChatGPT and why does it matter. 5 With a Massive 1 Million Context Window. Don't get too excited about Google Gemini Pro 1. The LLM Series #3: Multiple Function Calling: Taking OpenAI Models to the Next Level
Knowledge Series #24: How are mobile apps built. Making this tool public. Looking for New Job. Heuristic-Driven Link-of-Analogy Prompting: Enhancing Large Language Models for Document-Level Event Argument Extraction
This AI Paper Unveils a New Method for Statistically-Guaranteed Text Generation Using Non-Exchangeable Conformal Prediction
Deepfakes are out of control   is it too late to stop them. AI helps boost creativity in the workplace but still can't compete with people's problem-solving skills, study finds
How long did it take to get a DS or DA job and how many applications did you send. 5 Pro's Multimodal Capabilities Set New Industry Standards. ai
Did Google Gemini 1. 5 Really Kill RAG. I. SDXL Lightning is SUPER FAST. Only 2 Steps to Render. Connection with Sora and Sam Altman. That's a warning for the AI industry. I. S. ai. 9% YoY to $115. 8M and a $26. Limiting CPU Threads for Better Game Performance
Tinder Owner Signs ChatGPT Deal. They are less likely to agree an AGI should have the same rights as a human being. Google Challenges Meta's Llama 2 with Lightweight Open Source LLM, Gemma
Match Group inks deal with OpenAI, says press release written by ChatGPT
DeepMind Gemini 1. 5 - An AI That Remembers. 5 is video
Cybersecurity and data protection: Does ChatGPT really make a difference. How to run Google Gemma. (Free GPU. 1B, vs. $20. , Data Center revenue up 409% to $18. [. ]. 0, its next flagship text-to-image model, aiming to offer improved image quality and better performance (Sean Michael Kerner/VentureBeat)
LLM (w/ RAG) need a new Logic Layer (Stanford)
Did Google just beat Meta at Open-source AI. | Gemma | LLMs | Developers
Briefing: Google Docs' new rival, Tinder's ID boost, goodbye Apple web apps
Deepfakes in South Africa: protecting your image online is the key to fighting them
[D] How often is results (or data) manipulated in research papers. Stable Diffusion's 3. I. Here are the key takeaways. The highest-paid IT skills   and why you need them on your resume
There's No AI Without Nvidia. Meet the CEO Powering the Future
When cloud AI lands you in court
What is deep learning. Am I missing something. E. O. Demis Hassabis on the Path From Chatbots to A. G. I. 63 launches with vertical tabs on right support and more AI
Guest Post: LoRA Land: 25 Fine-Tuned Mistral-7b LLMs that Rival or Outperform GPT-4
Nvidia Stock Surge Causes $3 Billion Loss for Short Sellers
Reddit aims to ride the AI wave by going public
Training dynamic models using early exits for automatic speech recognition on resource-constrained devices
I have the choice between 2 internships : software engineering vs recommendation system deployment. Which one should I pick. Do they know things. Let's find out. What's happening. Let them use ChatGPT to write. 7. 0. Spurious Correlations: The Comedy and Drama of Statistics
Editing Text in Images with AI
Meet Google Deepmind's ReadAgent: Bridging the Gap Between AI and Human-Like Reading of Vast Documents. What Could Go Wrong. Gaming. Introduction to Python Programming - Errors and Exceptions
Nvidia's Good Fortune Isn't Good for Everyone Else
Google AI is searching the world for methane leaks from space
Understanding Direct Preference Optimization
Beyond RAG: Network Analysis through LLMs for Knowledge Extraction
Why use Data Augmentation. Phind-70B: BEST Coding LLM Outperforming GPT-4 Turbo + Opensource. Upside down table trick with CSS
Which part-time masters for Data Science. Discover the Magic of Namelix: Business Name Generator
Is there a First One Through Advantage. 2. 2 is here
OpenAI Sora: Behind The Magic. How Do Layers Work in a Full Transformer Architecture. Here are 4 tips on how to make AI's writing sound more human. LlamaIndex Sessions: 12 RAG Pain Points and Solutions
'How much do you love your wife. Best Storage For Machine Learning. An Introduction to Prompting for LLMs
[R] Nature-Inspired Local Propagation
[D] I wrote a small tool for debugging Triton code. Anyone interested. How to set up development and production environments using AWS Copilot: Example using a 'plumber' API. Open Source AI Glasses: Would you wear them. This Microsoft Research Introduces Language Feedback Models for Advanced Imitation Learning
Can Machine Learning Models Be Fine-Tuned More Efficiently. 5 Pro for Code - Part 01
Google Gemini Anti-Woke Backlash: Culture War or AI Fear. Microsoft and Open AI Expose Rising Threat of AI in Cyber Operations
The Power of BERT
AGI: Humanity's Last Invention. Masking During Transformer Inference Matters a Lot (Buy Why. )
Groq API - 500+ Tokens/s - First Impression and Tests - WOW. What can you do. LWiAI Podcast #156 - OpenAI's Sora, Gemini 1. 5, BioMistral, V-JEPA, AI Task Force, Fun. Apple has reportedly discussed ideas including a smart ring and glasses &mdash; and putting tiny cameras on AirPods
What are the best attempts of the Python ecosystem to fix it's shortcomings compared to R. How to Use the Python zip() Function
Am I bad at working with data. Exploring the os Library With Python
Hyperwrite: Create and Deploy Personalized AI Agents on Your Operating System. AWS Networking with Terraform: Hosting a static website using S3
Industry Leaders in AI and Wireless form AI-RAN Alliance
Day -1 Python In One Shot
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's message to kids: generative AI means you don't need to learn coding
Can large language models build causal graphs. Is 'Don't Stop Pre-training' just fine-tuning. Is creating an in-house LLM right for your organization. 60% of GPT-3. AMBER: An LLM-free Multi-dimensional Benchmark for MLLMs Hallucination Evaluation
Words that Matter: The Impact of Negative Words on News Sentiment and Stock Market Index
Absolutely SHOCKING Statistics. AGI, UBI, Accelerationism, and More. [Getting to know my Audience. ]
Gemini 1. (Part 1)
25. Native to Hugging Face and PyTorch. x vs PyTorch. What can you do. How to make your GitHub more impressive to Employers. (5 simple tips)
Stable Diffusion 3 - Creative AI For Everyone. NVIDIA Partners with Indian Govt to Bring Sovereign AI
Anything-in anything-out: A new modular AI model
What AI And Automation Technologies Make The Most Sense In Retail Today. Where to go after studying the foundations of linear algebra, calculus, probability theory and statistics. Was it inevitable. | The AI Beat
Developer Days at NVIDIA GTC 2024
The most jaw-dropping demo at MWC was from a brand I wasn't expecting to see
Java News Roundup: JDK 22 RC2, Multiple Releases in the Spring Ecosystem, Payara Platform
Google DeepMind CEO on AGI, OpenAI and Beyond   MWC 2024
2+ years in a DS role and 'killing it', what's your take away. C. lawyer with costs over fake AI-generated cases, despite no intent to deceive
[R] Genie: Generative Interactive Environments
U. S. 5 and Llama2-70B on EVERY Benchmark. Will AI replace journalists. AI's impact on news production
Computational Number Theory in the Modern World
An Intuitive Guide To Entropy
7 Books to Read on Artificial Intelligence
Lessons From My ML Journey: Data Splitting and Data Leakage
The CTO for US Central Command says AI developed for Project Maven was used to narrow down targets for 85+ air strikes in the Middle East on February 2 (Katrina Manson/Bloomberg)
10 Best AI-Powered Chrome Extensions
Putting Your Data On the Table
Position Embeddings for Vision Transformers, Explained
[D] Question on generating embeddings with Transformer Encoder-Decoder
Attention for Vision Transformers, Explained
PSA: I want the community to be aware of Cursor. sh, an IDE fork of VSCode that natively integrates GPT-4 that can take your entire codebase into its context window to generate results
Inkitt, a self-publishing platform using AI to develop bestsellers, books $37M led by Khosla
How to Generate a Random Number in Python
Vision Transformers, Explained
Tokens-to-Token Vision Transformers, Explained
ChatGPT Is Not a Doctor
Mistral Large
AI Integration in the Service Industry: Navigating Challenges and Leveraging Human Expertise
R For SEO Part 5: Common Excel Formulas In R
Supporting Mixtral in gpt-fast through torch. imagine what you could do with these. Day -2 Advanced Python. Its 'woke' AI debacle prompted critics to say it's failing. For what. Google's AI (Gemini/Bard) refused to answer my question until I threatened to try Bing. Human or fake. Microsoft's GitHub Offers Companies Souped-Up AI Coding Tool
Educators teaching AI literacy to students should include ethics in their lesson plans, scholars say
How would an AI turn out if you raised it like a child. Unlocking the potential of entity-centric knowledge graphs: transforming healthcare and beyond
Intro to DSPy: Goodbye Prompting, Hello Programming. Microsoft Present AI Controller Interface: Generative AI with a Lightweight, LLM-Integrated Virtual Machine (VM)
The Media Revolution Will Be Prompted
How DeepMind's Genie AI could reshape robotics by generating interactive worlds from images
Meta gears up for election season with new labels for AI-generated content
[D] Just got access to 4x A100 40GB, what should I train to stress test it. 2B Valuation
Health, Location Data Should Be 'Off Limits' for AI, FTC Chair Says
[D] Isn't the idea of  generalizing outside of the distribution  in some sense, impossible. GLIGEN, the Tool to Rule All AI Image Generators
Mistral Goes Large with Microsoft Deal, New Flagship Model
Responsive design and cross-device testing
Writer. What's it like growing up when your dad is Microsoft's CEO. Steve Ballmer's son gave an interview about it. (And should you buy one. I. P. Apple's Electric Car
Live CEOing Ep 770: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Optimizing Table, Multi, and More]
Transcribe a live phone call with Python - Flask tutorial
Would You Sell Your Voice. What Does AI Buy Us or Cost Us. : Views From the Financial Industry
Geometry for Programmers - First Chapter Summary
Telco Giants Embrace AI to Power New Revenue Streams   MWC 2024
Klarna says OpenAI's AI agent does the work of 700 support agents
All the AI photo forensics out there, can you actually tell that this image was AI generated. This is straight from Midjourney v6, no edits or anything  what am i missing here. More info in comments. [D]
Does Big Data Still Need Stacks. Microsoft AI Research Introduces UFO: An Innovative UI-Focused Agent to Fulfill User Requests Tailored to Applications on Windows OS, Harnessing the Capabilities of GPT-Vision
TimesFM: Google's Foundation Model For Time-Series Forecasting
Sora vs. : Prompting Language Models Improves Quoting from Pre-Training Data
Where Do People Tell Stories Online. Story Detection Across Online Communities
REAR: A Relevance-Aware Retrieval-Augmented Framework for Open-Domain Question Answering
Consistency Matters: Explore LLMs Consistency From a Black-Box Perspective
Benchmarking GPT-4 on Algorithmic Problems: A Systematic Evaluation of Prompting Strategies
Are LLMs Capable of Data-based Statistical and Causal Reasoning. Could the future of AI lie in immersive reality. 9B and net income down 48% YoY to ~$366M, as chatbot Ernie, which has 100M+ users, began to augment its ads business (Zheping Huang/Bloomberg)
Apple's electric car crash shows even a $2. Read the full memo. Let's Break It Down. The New York Times allegedly paid someone to  hack  OpenAI's models via prompting
OpenAI says New York Times 'hacked' ChatGPT to build copyright lawsuit
Gemini Ultra, Google's Most Powerful LLM, is Now Public
Unlock Your LLM Coding Potential with StarCoder2
Mistral Large with Function Calling - Review and Code
Reddit discovers HILARIOUS ethical failures in GPT 3. 5, Gemini - GPT4 and Claude  pass  the test
How does Groq LPU work. 0 is out. Meet FinTral: A Suite of State-of-the-Art Multimodal Large Language Models (LLMs) Built Upon the Mistral-7B Model Tailored for Financial Analysis
IBM's AI-enhanced storage platform can identify ransomware in under a minute
Tim Cook: Apple to 'Break New Ground in Generative AI' Later This Year
RAG is Dead. Long Live RAG. When will we get an AI version of one of these. A Human Evaluation via Reading Comprehension
More news organizations sue OpenAI and Microsoft over copyright infringement
Are Your AI Conversations Safe. py. Heard on the Street   2/29/2024
Privacy Policy Changed. Sam Altman's OpenAI wants to get humanoid robots talking. Here's why. Humanoid robot maker Figure AI confirms it has raised $675M at a $2. | AI agents | Rogue AI  | Alignment
2024 Themes and Trends in AI
Getting Started with Groq API | Making Near Real Time Chatting with LLMs Possible
Playground v2. 5 Is Here. What Is the Nature of Time. Better Visualizations, Advanced ETL Techniques, RAG Pain Points, and Other February Must-Reads
Google brings Stack Overflow's knowledge base to Gemini for Google Cloud
Tim Cook says Apple will  break new ground  in generative AI this year
Real-Time Sentiment Analysis with Kafka and PySpark
Future of Programming: Will AI Replace Developers. I. ai, generative AI is the OS
New in VS Code: Voice Dictation, Improved Copilot AI
GIS and Python for Property Value Analysis, an ODSC East 50% Off Flash Sale, and Developing Credit. Windows 11 Update Brings New Tricks to Microsoft Copilot
Introduction to Apache Iceberg
OpenAI and robotics startup Figure AI to develop next-gen AI models for humanoid robots
The AI Culture Wars Are Just Getting Started
Improving LLM Inference Latency on CPUs with Model Quantization
AMD's Market Value Tops $300 Billion on Wave of AI-Fueled Rally
Former Twitter engineers are building Particle, an AI-powered news reader, backed by $4. 4M
Brave launches its AI-powered assistant Leo, which can create real-time summaries of webpages or videos, generate long form content, and more, on Android (Aisha Malik/TechCrunch)
Email at the Forefront of Cybersecurity Concerns: Insights from Perception Point's 2024 Cybersecurity Report
Microsoft plans to streamline game upscaling across different graphics cards
How Do I Keep Track of AI News Daily With ChatGPT. Safety: A Top Priority at Google. Why LLMs are not Good for Coding. Manning Introduces: Learn Generative AI with PyTorch
Live CEOing Ep 772: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [Engine Connectivity Engineering]
I Was Wrong About AI Video. The stacking ensemble method
How much are Nvidia's rivals investing in startups. E. C. Humanoid Robot Maker Signs Deal to Put OpenAI Tech in Their Brains
Innovating Customer Experience Management: The Role of Data in Crafting Personalized Customer Journeys
Email: GM told Cruise employees that a third party had estimated the self-driving unit's internal share price at $11. 80, down from $24. 27 just one quarter ago (Greg Bensinger/Reuters)
Prompt Engineering Fundamentals - Generative AI For Beginners (v1)
EMO AI by Alibaba has amazing capabilities. 5. Figure raises $675M at $2. And does it even matter. Here's how it saves me time on everyday tasks outside of work. Here's how it works
RIP Apple Car, Google's AI Reality Problem, Long Live Consumer Tech
Explainer: What Is Stream Processing. ai over the Groq trademark, more (Steven Levy/Wired)
Is there anything AI can't do. Are the Humanoids Here to Stay. x]
Make the Most of NVIDIA GTC 2024 with In-Person, Hands-On Learning
There are growing calls for Google CEO Sundar Pichai to step down
ODSC's AI Weekly Recap: Week of March 1st
AI Firms Face Growing List of Lawsuits. Elon Musk-OpenAI Lawsuit Explained in 5 Mins
Meet AlphaMonarch-7B: One of the Best-Performing Non-Merge 7B Models on the Open LLM Leaderboard
Questioning the Value of Machine Learning Techniques: Is Reinforcement Learning with AI Feedback All It's Cracked Up to Be. Insights from a Stanford and Toyota Research Institute AI Paper
Stay Fresh: Four Ways to Track Update Times for BigQuery Tables and Views
Data scientists at airlines companies, how much is your work similar to traditional OR. I. generated. Can you tell which is which. How do I deal with the situation I'm in. I. I. 58 LLMs - is that a threat to nvidia. I made a website that can virtually explain any song by connecting Search Engine and chatGPT. Is there even a point to me going through data quest or Coursera to help my career. 0 open source requirement. Simplest explanation in python
[D] What Is Your LLM Tech Stack in Production. Thoughts. (Midjourney V6)
Why Random Forests Dominate: Insights from the University of Cambridge's Groundbreaking Machine Learning Research. Google Unveils Genie AI Which Can Create Video Games
What are compute units and how have I already used 40 of them without even trying. Playground v2. [D] Seeking Advice: Continual-RL and Meta-RL Research Communities
Huawei's Ascend 910B can reportedly outperform Nvidia's A100
9 Best Online Courses for Computer Vision You Must Know in 2024
One-Minute Daily AI News 3/2/2024
Welcome to a new age of AI hardware. These are 5 AI-powered devices announced since OpenAI launched ChatGPT. Who Am I. Transparent AI Concepts [AI Today Podcast]
How Good Are Large Language Models at Out-of-Distribution Detection. DiffAugment: Diffusion based Long-Tailed Visual Relationship Recognition
What to Expect at NVIDIA GTC 2024
Deploying ML models for free on AWS
Prompting ChatGPT for Translation: A Comparative Analysis of Translation Brief and Persona Prompts
[D] how successful has RAG been in search/recommendation ranking. Cross-Lingual Learning vs. Roundtables: How does AI work. Full fine-tuning vs. LoRA fine-tuning vs. ai releases new language model H2O-Danube-1. 5 Courses to Master LLMs
The New, Smartest AI: Claude 3   Tested vs Gemini 1. 5 + GPT-4
What is Supervised Fine-Tuning. Random Forest classifier beat Transformer Encoder classifier by about 2. 5%
Efficiently Processing Extended Contexts in Large Language Models: Dual Chunk Attention for Training-Free Long-Context Support
Microsoft Researchers Propose ViSNet: An Equivariant Geometry-Enhanced Graph Neural Network for Predicting Molecular Properties and Simulating Molecular Dynamics
Brave's AI assistant is now available for Android
Comparison of Methods to Inform K-Means Clustering
AI Optimism vs. Skepticism: Why Are the Knowledge Workers Confused. A Unified Framework for Efficient Visual 3D Perception
Alibaba Backs $2. 8GB: How Have VRAM Requirements Evolved. 29. I don't. S. Can anyone give a roadmap or share tips. Update: I built an app to do my data science work faster, and I thought others here may like it too. ML vs. DL vs. Is AI Fair in Love (and War). I. Lab Wants to Mimic the Brain. OpenAI Lawsuit
Navigating the Future of AI in the Creative Industries
Sloan's Inbox: Did you face any unexpected challenges in your first dev job. S. 5. So why do our politicians still not have a plan. You can now train a 70b language model at home
Top 10 Alternatives to OpenAI's Sora
AR got its 'killer app': GenAI
The Claude 3 system prompt, explained
OpenAI replaces ChatGPT plugins with more advanced GPTs
Musk vs. link: https://github. com/Ma
International Women's Day: What it takes to innovate in the age of Gen AI
5 ways college students can use Copilot for Microsoft 365, starting next month
Navigating Cloud Migration: Choosing right Database for Cloud Migration of Your Data
Inflection AI Unveils Inflection-2. I. We still don't know why he was fired. 8. I'm sharing it with you all instead. 5, Mistral Large, Claude 3 Opus, and Inflection-2. Very short computational time in ML and DL [D]
Google BigQuery Introduces Vector Search
AI News Roundup: Is Nvidia's New Chip a 1000-watt Power Hog. Future of Science and Technology Q&A (March 8, 2024)
Inflection-2. 5 Is a  Personal  AI at Near GPT-4 Levels
X-Force: Build AI Agents with A Drag-and-Drop UI and Run It on The Cloud For FREE. EP54: Claude 3, Gemini 1. Then things got a little weird
Stable Diffusion from Scratch in PyTorch | Part II - Conditional Latent Diffusion Models
A Developer's Guide to Understanding Markov Chains in AI
Women in AI: Sandra Watcher, professor of data ethics at Oxford
Is it still meaningful to learn classical NLP for a NLP beginner. Responsible AI in Data Science
Is server side rendering always good. But are Canadian laws keeping up. How will we know. What would it matter if they were. What is Generative AI Model Collapse. How Can We Stop It. Can't read a map or add up. [R] LLMs surpass human experts in predicting neuroscience experiment outcomes (81% vs 63%)
Supercharge Your Productivity: Top 7 AI Tools for March 2024
You got legal trouble. Get creative in minutes. Learn 10 unique text to image styles today. LLMWare: App Creation Framework - AI Agents, Function Calls, and Multi-Step RAG. One-Minute Daily AI News 3/9/2024
Palantir wins a US Army contract worth $178. Can LLMs Debug Programs like Human Developers. UCSD Researchers Introduce LDB: A Machine Learning-Based Debugging Framework with LLMs
Learning Cache
Are GANs still relevant. [D]
Rust, JavaScript, or Python. Would starting a PhD involving discriminative vision models still be valuable in 5 years time. 5 Ways to Survive Your Data Career (Even Though it Might Kill Your Soul)
[D] AMD cards for machine learning in 2024. What are some popular discord servers for people to share and discuss their CV research or paper. What Do People Think of Apple's Vision Pro Headsets. Data Machina #244
This game is not real (AI)
[R] Into the Unknown: Self-Learning Large Language Models
[D] In 2024, what are the latest trends on RL. Do You Have What It Takes. What do data annotation companies do. [D]
Authors sue AI chip giant Nvidia for copyright infringement
[D] Fourier Transform-based Convolutional Neural Networks
Matrix multiplication breakthrough could lead to faster, more efficient AI models. At the heart of AI, matrix math has just seen its biggest boost  in more than a decade. Nvidia is betting on other tech that could be impacted by AI. Is this just fantasy. On Data Augmentation for Monolingual Semantic Textual Similarity
Gemini 1. With YAMLScript, YAML Becomes a Proper Programming Language
Running Local LLMs, CPU vs. 5 Pro recall information in 10M context. UK report reveals bias within medical tools and devices
The Download: rise of the multimodal robots, and the SEC's new climate rules
Supercharged pandas: Tracing dependencies with a novel approach
[R] [2403. 05468] Will GPT-4 Run DOOM. I. That Drives ChatGPT Will Move Into the Physical World
Revolutionizing Robotic Surgery with Neural Networks: Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting through Privacy-Preserving Continual Learning in Semantic Segmentation
TechCrunch Minute: Elon Musk, Sam Altman, and the rest of the billionaires are fighting over the future of AI
How to Save Money Using Large Models. What is Google's DeepMind Known For. Worked on this the last weeks, please help me testing if you have time. AI: Making big models do small jobs with application programming interfaces
Will Generative AI Replace Software Developers. Applied Intuition lands $6 billion valuation for AI-powered autonomous vehicle software
01. [D] Can someone please clarify if web search LLMs like Perplexity, You. UNC-Chapel Hill Researchers Introduce Contrastive Region Guidance (CRG): A Training-Free Guidance AI Method that Enables Open-Source Vision-Language Models VLMs to Respond to Visual Prompts
We asked Intel to define 'AI PC'. S. Must Act Quickly to Avoid Risks From AI, Report Says
5 Free University Courses to Learn Computer Science
How to improve the throughput of LLM application servers
Where Have All The AI Returns Gone. Tesla's self-driving option was the worst. 13. That presents an  aging population  problem. What are the general  checklist  of data cleaning and pre-processing before doing any analysis or modeling. WorkArena: How Capable Are Web Agents at Solving Common Knowledge Work Tasks. Is this harder to train for than the expert level. China's Best Self-Driving Car Platforms, Tested and Compared
How Canva is Painting Pixels with GenAI
Stephen Wolfram: Can AI Solve Science. 3. No   And Here's Why. AI Outsourcing: Tips for Choosing the Right Technology Partner
Your AI chatbot just got smarter thanks to this free tool from Anthropic
[D] What do we know about the data OpenAI uses. I'm getting gibberish model trained on a gpu machine, and a coherent model trained on a cpu both running the same code -- what's going on. 1% of the cost
Zendesk adds flexible AI agent capabilities with Ultimate acquisition
Figure 01 powered by OpenAI is a robot that can chat, see, plan, and perform tasks
[R] Data Interpreter: An LLM Agent for Data Science
Building trust between humans and robots when managing conflicting objectives
Google Deepmind's new AI agent plays games using only natural language
Streamline ML Workflow with MLflow    Part I
Are You Worried About Devin. Here's why. The Simplicity and Depth of Python
The First AI Software Engineer Is Here. What You Need to Know to Prepare For GPT-5
1M tokens MAGIC. Solving REAL Github ISSUEs with Gemini 1. rs 0. Exploring the Dynamic World of Walles. P for Pandas. when I'm content where I am. There Will Be 10 Million New Coding Jobs in the Next Five Years
Hackers can read private AI assistant chats even though they're encrypted
All the tools I need to build a perfect AI app. The Saudi humanoid robot incident shows the machines aren't taking over the world anytime soon
When AI writes code, all code will be open source. The Best Language to Learn is English. Or Is It Hype Again. The New AI Software Engineer Can Write, Debug, and Deploy Code. Oracle Launches Cloud-based Generative AI App Suite
Forget Chatbots. AI Agents Are the Future
Just got my grade back from a data mining course and it sucks
It might be time to rethink the smartphone &mdash; for real this time
Aligning LLMs, an Introduction to Linear Regression, Ethical Considerations for Generative AI, and. Doctors Raise $30 Million for Cancer Treatment AI Startup
Tagging your Playwright Tests
The Most Common Errors in Deep Learning (Shape Errors)
Where are AI Investments Going in 2024. I tried one out for myself
Is it ethical to watch AI pornography. Inflection-2. Here's how AI is helping businesses solve real-world problems. Which Modality should I use -- Text, Motif, or Image. podcast
Unlocking the Potential of Stock Trading AI
Expert Tips for Processing One Billion Rows in PHP. Opinion. Coalition for Health AI (CHAI) announces founding partners
Will AI save humanity. Exciting news. I. Their verdict: the president is doing fine. Explainer: What Is a Random Forest. AI-equipped robots help logistics industry to fight labor shortages
You Will Love This Tool. New Report Sees AI Supercomputer Market Being Valued at $6. Is LLM Fine-tuning Here to Stay. Researchers detail ArtPrompt, a jailbreak that uses ASCII art to elicit harmful responses from aligned LLMs such as GPT-3. This AI Research Unveils Efficient Machine Learning Approaches
How to install python in a docker container. Aaron Levie leads Box into its third era focused on workflow automation and AI
Python Data Analysis with Developer Tools & AI (and #14DaysOfDataScience)
Question about RNNs
[P] Llama2 7B and 13B Chat Completion for Kaggle TPU v3-8
[R] AnyGPT: Unified Multimodal LLM with Discrete Sequence Modeling
Can Social Intelligence in Language Agents Be Enhanced Through Interaction and Imitation. This Paper Introduces SOTOPIA-π, a Novel Approach to Cultivating AI Social Skills
[R] What is different between these datasets. Thoughts. Inflection Reveals a New Model Rivaling GPT-4, Pi Daily Users, and Different Assistant Strategy
14 most powerful Figma plugins for developers
Top Strategies for Writing Better Python Functions. Having fun generating plant pictures. AWS Bedrock
How long until AI eliminates the modeling industry. Create a Hilarious Joke API with Flask and Python
When Do You Self Join. A Handy Trick
Top Important Computer Vision Papers for the Week from 04/03 to 10/03
GeFF: Revolutionizing Robot Perception and Action with Scene-Level Generalizable Neural Feature Fields
Implement user authentication with Node. Not just the hardware: How deep is Nvidia's software moat. 0 license (x. Having trouble while applying for internships. Any suggestions. What Was Your Prompt. Self-Consistency Boosts Calibration for Math Reasoning
Elon Musk's xAI Open Sources Grok
Can Factual Statements be Deceptive. Why. Your Own RTX GPU
Elon Musk's xAI open-sources Grok
Which AI should I use. 0 Will Pass Through Black-Box Data
Apple May Tap Google's Gemini for AI Features on iPhone
Apple and Google partnership could bring Gemini AI tech to iPhones
Optimal Image Storage Solutions for ROS-Based Computer Vision
Amid growth in AI writing tools, this course teaches future lawyers and other professionals to become better editors
Modern & Realistic MLOps with Han-Chung Lee
Apple Can't Build AI, So It's Reportedly Asking Google Gemini to Power Siri
AI Automated Engineers - Are We Doomed. OpenAI's Chatbot App Store Is Off to a Slow Start
Apple Launches First Multimodal AI Model
Simplifying AI Integration: Insights from Taipy's Journey
Creating OpenAI GPTs for (lots of) Fun and (a little) Profit
AI vs. 5M for Industrial Robotics Tech
Last Week in AI #262: Startup aims to build AI programmer, Google's generalist gaming AI, xAI open-sources Grok-1, and more. But some say it won't last. ai Review: The Best Free AI Image Generator & Editor. k. a. Here's how to watch. Daily AI News Recap (03/18/2024)
Why AI governance must be step one in your generative AI journey
Apple in Talks to Bring Google's Gemini AI to iPhone: Report
YouTube Tells Creators: 'Label AI-Generated Content'
10 Important Topics Featured at the 2024 Data Engineering Summit
AI dubbing is getting scary good. 5M Series C co-led by B Capital and US Venture Partners (Abhinaya Prabhu/Tech Funding News)
Leveraging GPT-Builder To Create a Plotly Python Mapping GPT
Cohere's Command-R Enterprise Model Coming to ai. nvidia. I. Will AI make it better or worse. An OpenAI mystery: YouTube videos, Google throttling, and AI training data. 1. Automatic Language Assessment
Databricks
SOS-Match: Segmentation for Open-Set Robust Correspondence Search and Robot Localization in Unstructured Environments
Can LLMs Express Their Uncertainty. Transforming Enterprise Capabilities with GenAI: Best Practices for Integrating GenAI at Scale
How NVIDIA's Project GR00T is Accelerating Humanoid Robots
What Happens When a Guy and His AI Girlfriend Go to Therapy
The AI Act is done. 767: Open-Source LLM Libraries and Techniques   with Dr. I. [D] Why do transformers use embeddings with the same dimensionality in each layer. Meta is finally rolling out trending topics on Threads
Cybersecurity experts harness AI to safeguard mobile apps against emerging threats
Microsoft Hires DeepMind Co-Founder to Run Consumer A. I. He got Mustafa Suleyman instead. An investigation into the billionaire's cool signature look. Website where you can find AI tools for your use case
Inflection AI plans to license its technology to Microsoft; a source says investors in Inflection AI, which has raised more than $1. rs in 2024: A Comprehensive Comparison for Vector Search in PostgreSQL
Dr3: Ask Large Language Models Not to Give Off-Topic Answers in Open Domain Multi-Hop Question Answering
[R] TacticAI: an AI assistant for football tactics
[D] Is it common for recent  LLM engineers  to not have a background in NLP. Geoffrey Hinton Says AI is Very Close to Being as Good as Human Brains
Samsung Jumps Most in Six Months After Nvidia CEO's Backing
Will StarCoder 2 Win Over Enterprises. ChatGPT: Which AI Tool is Better for Software Development. Human Insight in Financial Analysis
[Discussion] GNN applications
Biden to Award Intel $20B to Advance U. S. HIMSS24: How to Set Nurses Up for AI Success
Who wrote this. Microsoft's Surface and Windows AI event is tomorrow. 82B, vs. $5. 15 Indian Languages, 1 Open Source LLM. AutoDev: Opensource Devin - Personal AI Coding Engineer. In California it's complicated
How to watch Microsoft's Surface and Windows AI event today (and what to expect)
Who are chatbots  (and what are they to you). Microsoft introduces AI-powered UI controls for. Long Live The Internet. (3/21/2024)
An Intro to Building Knowledge Graphs, Deploying LLMs in Kubernetes with LangChain, and Why Small. Let's discuss. S. This AI-powered search platform can expose it
Top 8 AI Search Engine That You Should Replace With Google
How will generative artificial intelligence affect political advertising in 2024. D. Builds & Deploy Apps End-to-End. Anguilla's. ai  Domain Registration Revenue Soars
Master CrewAI: Your Ultimate Beginner's Guide. Explainer: What Is Computer Vision. No server, no subscriptions, no hidden costs. S. #fullstacksoftwareengineering
Excel AI: Data Analysis Made Easy With AI. py | #61: Explica este código Python
The A. I. 03. Ultra Ethernet gains momentum as tech giants join for AI and HPC network innovation
Google's VLOGGER AI model can generate video avatars from images - what could go wrong. Build Simple Real-time Knowledge Server with RAG, LLM, and Knowledge Graphs in Docker
Python Data Engineering: Comprehensive Workflow for Data Modeling, Analytics with DuckDB
[D] Is LLM too hyped up in job postings. what am i missing here. 4, frustrated:0. 2. Does such a thing exist. ai's Grok Real Advance or Just Real Troll. AI's Natural Language Processing Magic. [P] Looking for contributions for a matrix decomposition python library
The tech industry can't agree on what open source AI means. That's a problem. Sure, But Here's A Piece Of Advice
How do ChatGPT, Gemini, and other LLMs Work. What will it do with all that data. (Suno. Why ChatGPT Was Down Today
Where'd my results go. Everyone should tell their family that a video can no longer be trusted. right. And what determines if you are going to be able to continue publishing papers in this role (going in after a PhD). Here's how. github. BlackMamba: Mixture of Experts for State-Space Models
OpenAI Offers Clue to Voice Assistant Plans
Adobe announces Custom Models, to let businesses customize Firefly models, and Firefly Services, a set of 20+ generative and creative APIs, tools, and services (Frederic Lardinois/TechCrunch)
How Do Different Generations View Artificial Intelligence. 5 Pro. 5 Ways to Strengthen the AI Acquisition Process
A look at MatX, which was founded by ex-Google engineers, has raised $25M, and hopes to design chips that are 10x faster than Nvidia's GPUs at training LLMs (Ashlee Vance/Bloomberg)
Job seekers be like
Apple confirms WWDC 2024 for June 10 - will AI steal the show. Exploring the Impact of AI Content Tools
This AI Paper from China Proposes a Lightweight Machine Learning Method that Enhances Scalable Structural Inference and Dynamic Prediction Accuracy
Elon Musk says all Premium subscribers on X will gain access to AI chatbot Grok this week
Advanced Prompt Processing in Java : Parallel Processing, Data Conversion and more. Airtable brings AI summarization to paying users
Mamba Architecture: What Is It and Can It Beat Transformers. [D] Is Synthetic Data a Reliable Option for Training Machine Learning Models. No ads, no recruiter spam, etc. I. OpenAI's launches program to pay developers based on usage of their GPT models
AI: What is it Good For. It has been alleged that they have no patents and their market is completely open to competition. 0 inference benchmarks, which added Llama 2 70B and Stable Diffusion XL; systems with Nvidia GPUs came out on top (Samuel K. Game Changer or Just Another Player in Open LLMs. Found a company asking for high school certificates for a Data Scientist role. 7B Parameter Language Model Trained On Biomedical Text
BLADE: Enhancing Black-box Large Language Models with Small Domain-Specific Models
Vulnerability Detection with Code Language Models: How Far Are We. What Are They Like. Try YOLO in Lambda. I. Chatbots Lean to the Left. This Quiz Reveals Why. Google. New Causal ML book (free. online. org (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
Open AI Challenge, Day 3: Mastering Code Generation
How is AI Shaping the Future of Social Media. Just don't call it 'BlackGPT. '
LangFriend: a Journal with Long-Term Memory
How a Windows shake-up could position Microsoft to capitalize on AI PCs
Amazon Invests Another $2. Part 1
Artificial intelligence boosts super-resolution microscopy
Is AI's next big leap understanding emotion. $50M for Hume says yes
Google. org launches $20 million funding program for generative AI projects
Lightning AI launches next-gen AI compiler 'Thunder' to accelerate model training
How to comply with evolving AI regulations
RAG Tools to Improve LLMs, Deep Learning for Time Series Analysis, and Implementing Responsible AI. Generative AI develops potential new drugs for antibiotic-resistant bacteria
Do LLM Agents Have Regret. Microsoft's new safety system can catch hallucinations in its customers' AI apps
AutoBNN: Probabilistic time series forecasting with compositional bayesian neural networks
AI21 Labs Breaks New Ground with 'Jamba': The Pioneering Hybrid SSM-Transformer Large Language Model
New 'Machine Unlearning' Method Aims to Deal With Problematic AI Data
From paper to prod. 2 and Upcoming Samba-CoE v0. 3: Beating Databricks DBRX
Elon Musk's xAI still lags behind OpenAI and Anthropic with new Grok 1. Track Your ML Experiments
A Benchmark and Taxonomy of Categorical Encoders
JDocQA: Japanese Document Question Answering Dataset for Generative Language Models
X. ai Announces Grok 1. I. 3% YoY in February 2024, the most since late 2009, with demand for AI-related memory driving growth (Sam Kim/Bloomberg)
My own list of 33 topics to cover machine learning
Investigating the Emergent Audio Classification Ability of ASR Foundation Models
How do you guys do CI/CD. I. This AI Paper from China Proposes Data Mixing Laws
8 Must-Read Machine Learning Books for All (level) Learners. A 5-minute visual guide. Day 4   Azure Open AI: Setup Azure AI Search Solution
xAI announces Grok-1. For those of us who are not PhDs, how do we stand out. js and Gemini in a NestJS application
Will Liquid Circuits Enable Brain-Imitating Computers. When is Your LLM Good Enough. 5-MoE-A2. 7B: A Small MoE Model with only 2. how to solve this
[D] Best way to deploy embedding models. Future lawyers need to know how to use it
Pollen-Vision: An Artificial Intelligence Library Empowering Robots with the Autonomy to Grasp Unknown Objects
Quantum AI  Introduction - A better future. Create Software, Automate Tasks, and More. When Exactly Will the Eclipse Happen. What to spend company's £1500 annual training budget on. How do I know when to stop hyper parameter tuning and try something else. textract-cli
Meet Ratchet: A Web-First, Cross-Platform Machine Learning Developer Toolkit
How to Use Prompt Engineering in ChatGPT. Key Insights and Tips
Does AI need a  body  to become truly intelligent. Meta researchers think so. [D] EE and ML but How. 7 GPTs That Are Game-Changing For Entrepreneurs
Researchers from the University of Washington and Meta AI Present a Simple Context-Aware Decoding (CAD) Method to Encourage the Language Model to Attend to Its Context During Generation
Understanding Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Reinforcement Learning's Real-World Power
How to Redesign Organizations for the AI Era
Mora: BEST Sora Alternative - Text-To-Video AI Model. Microsoft has a clever way of showing you AI is normal (especially if you're alone)
Don't choose computer vision if. Mistral AI Releases Mistral 7B v0. 2: A Groundbreaking Open-Source Language Model
Data Machina #247
NVIDIA AI Research Proposes Language Instructed Temporal-Localization Assistant (LITA), which Enables Accurate Temporal Localization Using Video LLMs
An AI voice notes app that really works
Building A Multilingual NER App with HuggingFace
Samsung's chip division wants the top spot back: What's happening. Every frame is another epoch of training. Hollywood wants more. 5B in 2,500 AI startup equity rounds in 2023 (John Thornhill/Financial Times)
[D] What's more impressive in a ML portfolio: implementing a paper or creating a good project. You May Know This Design Pattern In Python, But When To Use It. Who are some big name ML people I should follow. AI Engineer Beginner Project 1: Agentic Behavior (Full Code)
LlamaIndex Upgrade to 0. 10. x Experience
RestAI: AI as a Service. Create Software, Rag, SQL, and Vision Apps. ChatGPT v. s. Media Bias: A Comparative Study of GPT-3. 5 and Fine-tuned Language Models
Can LLMs Correct Physicians, Yet. e. , text encoder) for a specific domain. When is it worth it and what should you be aware of. Which would be the best for data science jobs. Data is code
NVIDIA's lack of an AI PC - Good for Investors. js vs Remix: Which to Choose. How will AI reshape the data center. Here's why
I built an open-source tool that helps add usage-based billing for your LLM projects
Evolution of RAGs: Naive RAG, Advanced RAG, and Modular RAG Architectures
[D] Feature engineering in deep learning when the data is limited
An AI model with emotional intelligence. 10 Free AI Courses by NVIDIA
Hailo Raises $120 Million to Design More Efficient AI Chips
Why it's already too late to stop the AI apocalypse
ChatGPT will soon be accessible without an account
10 Companies Powering FinTech with Artificial Intelligence (AI)
AIhub monthly digest: March 2024   human-robot interaction, serverless computing, and deep reinforcement learning for communication networks
We Finally Have A Hugging Chat for Indic LLMs
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/1/2024
Transforming Multi-Dimensional Data Processing with MambaMixer: A Leap Towards Efficient and Scalable Machine Learning Models
[D] What was the best math book/course you had for deep learning. [D] LLMs causing more harm than good for the field. But what is a GPT. Here's how I landed the job &mdash; and how much I'm making. A Data Analysis Project   Coffee Shop Sales Analysis. I. I. Podcast
Replit launches Code Repair, an AI agent to automatically fix coding errors, and Teams, which allows developers to collaborate in real time on software projects (Reed Albergotti/Semafor)
[D] For those who consider buying AMD GPUs
Are there any benefits of using two Nvidia RTX 4090 in a single computer. [D] GPT-3. 5-Turbo is most likely the same size as Mixtral-8x7B. Anybody else see this with Claude. : How Explanation Formats Affect Human Feedback Efficacy and User Perception
TopicGPT: A Prompt-based Topic Modeling Framework
Apple's new AI aims to take on GPT-4 with its ability to understand context clues
Make professional videos for free with Synthesia
Semi-Structured Chain-of-Thought: Integrating Multiple Sources of Knowledge for Improved Language Model Reasoning
How Trustworthy are Open-Source LLMs. Describe Selenium Architecture in detail. 2. What is the significance of the Python Virtual Environment. Give some examples. That could mean production delays for customers like Apple and Nvidia. [D] [R]
Will Robotaxis and Optimus AI Save Tesla or Will it Go Bust. Apple reportedly exploring AI-powered home robots - including these two products
The State of Generative AI, 2024
George Carlin AI-Enabled Fake Comedy Taken Down
I had no idea artificial intelligence could detect fraud. How does it do it. They're getting too smart. What's Holding Up the ROI for GenAI. why do you use it. Top R Programming Books to Read in 2024
I created a v0. dev clone with Next. So, Perplexity. Your thoughts. AI Deepfakes Rising as Risk for APAC Organisations
The new Google search powered by next-gen AI may be subscription-only
AI startup Cognition Labs, founded in November, seeks $2B valuation
From Pixels to Places: Harnessing Geospatial Data with Machine Learning. Beyond Human Limits: AI as a Catalyst for Change
Codel: Autonomous AI Coding Agent Framework. S. AI or the election. Get used to it. Clean as You Go
A look at tech giants' AI training data deals; Defined. AI taking on more work doesn't mean it replaces you. Here are 12 reasons to worry less
Beyond the Blind Zone
Artificial Intelligence: Cheat Sheet
Want to Invest in SpaceX or Stripe. There's a Fund for That. K. and U. S. Wait, What. YouTube's CEO says that would be a problem. Is HR ready for generative AI. (GitHub Code-spaces & VS Code)
5 Open-Source Next. How Tech Giants Cut Corners to Harvest Data for A. I. Please share. I. Role Of Transformers in NLP   How are Large Language Models (LLMs) Trained Using Transformers. I. to Teach Their Own A. I. X makes Grok chatbot available to premium subscribers
Google DeepMind Presents Mixture-of-Depths: Optimizing Transformer Models for Dynamic Resource Allocation and Enhanced Computational Sustainability
up up and away. 5
[P] Our open-source ML experiment monitoring library got an upgrade. Unifying Neural Network Design with Category Theory: A Comprehensive Framework for Deep Learning Architecture
PYTHON DATA STRUCTURES (LISTS, SETS, TUPLES, DICTIONARIES)
I made a free app that lets you chat with Google Gemini about content from any website. ai in Talks to Raise $3B at a Valuation Matching Anthropic
[R] Infinite mixture of experts - possible. datasette-import
PointMamba: A Simple State Space Model for Point Cloud Analysis
What is the SOTA for 2 stage object detectors with smaller datasets. How to run your own image generator for free
Evaluating AI Model Security Using Red Teaming Approach: A Comprehensive Study on LLM and MLLM Robustness Against Jailbreak Attacks and Future Improvements
Business schools are now encouraging students to use AI as they race to prepare them for a new job market
Pandas vs. Polars   Time to Switch. Is ETL Still Relevant in the Data-Driven Age. Automatic Prompt Selection for Large Language Models
Top MLOps Books to Read in 2024
Building an End-to-End Machine Learning Project to Reduce Delays in Aggressive Cancer Care. From Development to Deployment of an AI Model Using Azure
[D] what do you do with paper with no code published
AI Series Part I: Introduction Concepts
IsoBench: An Artificial Intelligence Benchmark Dataset Containing Problems from Four Major Areas: Math, Science, Algorithms, and Games
API Strategies for Effective Database Management and Integration
Meet AnythingLLM: An Open-Source, All-in-One AI Desktop App for Local LLMs + RAG
Avoiding abuse and misuse of T-test and ANOVA: Regression for categorical responses
Keras Convolution layer   shapes of input, weights and output
Good morning. Understanding Distributed Computing
Deploy serverless Lambda TypeScript API with function url using AWS CDK
Going Beyond Zero/Few-Shot: Chain of Thought Prompting for Complex LLM Tasks
How to Think About Using Your Company's Information with GenAI
Trudeau Unveils $1. 8 Billion Plan to Boost AI Sector in Canada
Canada unveils a CA$2. 4B package of measures to boost its AI sector and provide access to computing capabilities and technical infrastructure (Mathieu Dion/Bloomberg)
AI is taking over your web browser
5 Powerful Strategies To Make Sure AI Doesn't Steal Your Job   A Spotify Data Scientist's Survival. RAG, Automations, and AI Apps. Claude 3 Introduces Function Calling and Tool Usage
LESSONS FROM BIOLOGY ABOUT BUILDING AGI. NEW on iPhone: SUPER AI Agents (Stanford)
Discover What's New In Gemma 1. 4B federal investment in AI, tech sector
AI vs humans: Influencers face competition from virtual models
[D] Do we know how Gemini 1. 5 achieved 10M context window. [Research] How Apple Uses Machine Learning To Recognize People In Photos. A short visual guide. How Apple Uses Machine Learning To Recognize People In Photos. A short visual guide. 8 Billion Package for Canada's AI Sector
SiloFuse: Transforming Synthetic Data Generation in Distributed Systems with Enhanced Privacy, Efficiency, and Data Utility
Dictionary  - Python
Why are my table rows rendered outside the table. AURORA-M: A 15B Parameter Multilingual Open-Source AI Model Trained in English, Finnish, Hindi, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Code
Why Go is great choice for Software engineering. Any marketing graduates who have switched to DA/DS. AI ART Jam - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
Establish A Single Source Of Truth For Your Data Consumers With A Semantic Layer
AnythingLLM: A private ChatGPT to chat with anything. An efficient, customizable, and open-source enterprise-ready document chatbot solution. 11. AI Firm Is Best Performing Ex-SPAC, Surging Past Trump Media
Fine-tuning LLM on your laptop: VRAM vs Shared Memory vs GPU Load, Performance Considerations
[D] Is DBRX specifically made for businesses. A Quantitative Approach to Product Market Fit (Python Code)
How Sam Altman became a billionaire without equity in OpenAI
Deepmind co-founder Demis Hassabis reportedly 'deeply frustrated' by Google AI Deepmind merger
What's the Difference Between Fine-tuning, Retraining, and RAG. What do you guys think. How to use ChatGPT Plus: From image generation to My GPTs
Australian IT Skills Shortage: 2024 Is The Year To Self-Upskill
TSMC's US Grants and JPMorgan's CEO on AI | Bloomberg Technology
We now have a better look at what's inside the Humane AI pin
Google rebrands Studio Bot, its AI-powered app development chatbot for Android Studio, to  Gemini in Android Studio , and upgrades its model to Gemini 1. 5. Here a great example. Reinforcement Learning: Introduction and Main Concepts
Elon Musk says xAI's Grok 2. 5 enters public preview on Vertex AI
Google's new AI video generator is more HR than Hollywood
Nvidia, Google Cloud Partner to Boost Generative AI Startups
AI Coding Is Going From Copilot to Autopilot
Gemini Code Assist debuts at Google Cloud Next 24
Google's Gemini Cloud Assist helps manage cloud apps
The Download: how China plans to regulate AI
Microsoft plans to invest $2. - Know Your Customer With AI
Platform Engineering and GenAI: 'Get Your House in Order'
SiMa. Google's AI Updates and Tesla's Sales Expectations | Bloomberg Technology
Does Your Company Have a Data Strategy. 3 Best Methods for Spatial Interpolation
Elon Musk: AI will be smarter than any human around the end of next year
The Risks of Artificial Intelligence: Navigating the Challenges of an AI-Driven Future
Start with Python Dictionaries
A solid pattern to build LLM Applications (feat. Mastering RAG Systems: From Fundamentals to Advanced, with Strategic Component Evaluation
Google's Deep Mind AI can help engineers predict  catastrophic failure
Intel's Gaudi 3 Goes After Nvidia
System uses artificial intelligence to detect wild animals on roads and avoid accidents
Python 3. 12. 3 and 3. 13. NET Monthly Roundup - March 2024 -. NET 9 Preview 2, Smart Components, AI fun, and more. AutoCodeRover: BEST Automated Software Engineer. r. t good training vs performance tradeoff. (i. Stanford CS 25 Transformers Course (OPEN TO EVERYBODY)
Cornell University Researchers Introduce Reinforcement Learning for Consistency Models for Efficient Training and Inference in Text-to-Image Generation
Google AI Unveils CodeGemma: A Set of Open Code Models Built on Top of Gemma, Capable of a Variety of Code and Natural Language Generation Tasks
Gemini 1. Domain-Adapted Large Language Models for Extraction of Structured Data from Chest Radiology Reports
VisualWebBench: How Far Have Multimodal LLMs Evolved in Web Page Understanding and Grounding. Dangerous. AI Chatbots Could Make It Worse
This 20-year-old AI Researcher Created the much-needed Indic LLM Leaderboard
AI to Lead 2024 Elections in India
Can AI Resolve Bengaluru's Water Crisis. S. two years of relevant experience. 0, Finally Getting RAG Right. And do we even want to. Shout-out to all you super competent Data Scientists out there. Data tells us climate change is HERE: Can AI solve this. Prompting Trick That Improves Reasoning And Reduces Errors By 10%
What Will You Choose. Review: Multi-Instance Generation Controller for Text-to-Image Synthesis
HuggingFace Releases Parler-TTS: An Inference and Training Library for High-Quality, Controllable Text-to-Speech (TTS) Models
Why is it so hard to get neural networks to beat XGBoost on most small-medium tabular datasets. dev clone (Next. [Discussion]
Top 5 AI Trends to Watch in 2024
In Defense of LLMs in Data Science: What ChatGPT Can and Can't Do for Your Data Science Career
Will large language models kill Medium's business model. In SQL
As Search Engines Become AI Chatbots, What Can Publishers Do. Has there been any follow-up research comparing methods. No One Actually Knows How AI Will Affect Jobs
Amazon CEO says AI may be the biggest tech transformation 'since the internet' in his annual letter
Global Online hackathon on Prompt Hacking. The US Had a Chance to Lead in Chipmaking Tech, and Missed It
Gemini-1. 3: Redefining AI Efficiency with Advanced Routing Capabilities
Updated GPT-4 is ahead of Claude 3 Opus in the Chatbot Arena benchmark
Self-Driving AI Traffic Tech Secures Florida Approval, Earns U. S. But will it hurt musicians. Unraveling the Mysteries of Deepfakes: A Journey Through Innovation and Iteration
[D] Publication rat race for PhD in ML
How Do Machines 'Grok' Data. [D] Techniques for handling input documents with a large number of tokens in BERT/GPT2 style models. What am I missing. How I Self-Study Data Science
RAG with Embeddings in. It's impressive but I'll still make my own. Are There  Queries over Trillion-Row Tables in Seconds. (Not  feel the AGI  exactly. )
Grok Vision - First Multimodal Model from XAi
AI Revolutionizing Financial Industry Hiring Process
Meet Aerobotics: The AI Helping Farmers Boost Crop Yields
Lambda Function(Python)
Visual Guides For Any Skill With Cloudflare AI
Command ChatGPT To Render Markdown with 12 Magic Words (including images. )
Enterprise AI Hub: LLM AI Agent built with OpenAI & Java
Ibuprofeno. 5 Vision: Elon Musk's x. Visual intro to transformers | Chapter 5, Deep Learning
Microsoft Research Introduces 'MEGAVERSE' for Benchmarking Large Language Models Across Languages, Modalities, Models, and Tasks
X. ai Announces Grok-1. AI spam is winning the battle against search engine quality
Google AI Introduces CodecLM: A Machine Learning Framework for Generating High-Quality Synthetic Data for LLM Alignment
Meta says it is testing its Meta AI chatbot with WhatsApp, Instagram, and Messenger users in India and parts of Africa (TechCrunch)
Bring To Life. - Take photos and bring objects to Life. What AI Is Capable Of Today
Using an Autonomous Vehicle for Delivery
GenAI for CX, Cybersecurity, Fraud Detection, and Marketing Workflows in Insurance - with Dr. Inbox Invasion: The Ultimate Spam Content Calculator
T test vs z test
xAI introduces Grok-1. Why. So why are some tech companies trying to stop me. s. [D] What are the current state of the art code embedding models. NewsCast: daily audio news podcasts for your interests (Cloudflare AI Challenge)
Meta AI Releases OpenEQA: The Open-Vocabulary Embodied Question Answering Benchmark
Generative AI & Gemini
AI Twitter & LinkedIn Bio Generator
[D] What is the difference between Feature Vectors and Embeddings. Microsoft Invests $2. Who Are They Helping. Thoughts about AI on UI design
Apple's new M4 Chips with AI Focus
Adobe releases Acrobat AI Assistant to summarize and answer questions about documents for $4. I. Has a Measurement Problem
Reaction Video: Humane AI Pin, the new Smartphone. | Ep. Ready for a Chatbot Version of Your Favorite Instagram Influencers. Data acquisition strategies for AI-first startups
Using Clustering Algorithms for Player Recruitment
How Meta wants to add its AI chatbot to your Instagram search bar
Exploring the TensorFlow Ecosystem: A Comprehensive Overview
Adobe brings generative AI to Premiere Pro
Zoom hits version 6. Now Google is using AI to answer search queries. Regulatory Capture. What happened. Ibuprofeno. py | #82: Explica este código Python
AI gold rush continues as Microsoft invests $1. Week #16. Try an LLM. He Maps the Neural Circuits That Decide. You can now use Quora's Poe to chat with multiple LLMs at the same time
Can AI read our minds. How is Meta handling AI-generated nudes. Its oversight board is about to find out. I. 4 Billion in AI
Unveiling the Black Box: Meta's LM Transparency Tool Deciphers Transformer Language Models
People are afraid of self-driving cars   can the industry change that. COPY ANY STYLE. H2O-Danube-1. A monster of a paper by Stanford, a 500-page report on the 2024 state of AI
[R] The Illusion of State in State-Space Models
Unifying the Perspectives of NLP and Software Engineering: A Survey on Language Models for Code
Is DPO Superior to PPO for LLM Alignment. 6% YoY to &euro;5. &euro;5. , net income down 37. 4% YoY to of &euro;1. &euro;1. Really, really expensive. Microsoft invests $1. g. C. (Or Play it Safe in Big Tech. g. , EJS, Pug) in Express. Claude Opus was slower but smarter than its competitors. YoloV9 TensorRT C++ Implementation (YoloV9 shown on top, YoloV8 shown on bottom). ) for NER with very low data finetuning. How to Grow Your Career Without Feeling Stuck
Can AI  Fix  Climate Change. Long Live the Atlas Robot
Intel, VMWare, Linux Foundation & Others Form Open Platform for Enterprise AI
Pixel-Perfect Positions - New CSS Feature  Anchor Positioning
Psst, hey. It's the NSA. You want some AI security advice. 5% YoY to NT$592. 87B) vs. NT$582. , profit up 8. 9% YoY to NT$225. NT$213. , on strong AI chip demand (Sheila Chiang/CNBC)
Formal Aspects of Language Modeling
Heard on the Street   4/18/2024
This AI Paper Introduces Pipeline Forward-Forward Algorithm (PFF): A Novel Machine Learning Approach to Training Distributed Neural Networks using Forward-Forward Algorithm
Slack AI now available to all paid customers. Here's what these features can do for your team
Why Data Pipeline is Important for High ROI AI Products
AI PCs are here but a killer application for biz users. Here are three ways you can prepare
Everyday AI Tools
Hugging Face Open Source Idefics2, 8B Multimodal Model
Live CEOing Ep 785: Language Design in the Wolfram Language [=, Binomial, and More]
*NEVER*  Believe ANYTHING You see. 4 in 10 translators are losing work to AI. Slack's AI principles, RIP Alexa Skills and a new use case for your data
Devin AI: Will Devin AI Replace Software Engineers. i. py | #84: Explica este código Python
Using sim-to-real reinforcement learning to train robots to do simple tasks in broad environments
Why Command R+ is Much Better Than Mistral Large and Offers the Same Level of Performance as. Meta Llama 3 Now Available on Microsoft Azure
Cool. Government Funded Robots. Now highly functional. LLMs Aligned. But to What End. Meta, in Its Biggest A. I. God Of War AI Fan Art #godofwar #fanart #aiart
Stable Diffusion 3 - How to use it today. Easy Guide for ComfyUI
Llama 3 Is Here (And Seemingly Better Than Expected)
This new AI music generator is insanely good. 'Her' AI, Almost Here. Llama 3, Vasa-1, and Altman 'Plugging Into Everything You Want To Do'
Ruff v0. 4. Incredible. Vesper: A Compact and Effective Pretrained Model for Speech Emotion Recognition
State Scope with Providers - Next. 03. [D] Has anyone tried distilling large language models the old way. [Episode 16: Space-Filling Curves]
Transformative Potential of a Healthcare-Specific Foundational Model
What are virtual cards and when should you use them. How Good is Llama 3 for Indic Languages. Andreessen Horowitz Raises $7. A 14-year-old is charged in fire that destroyed a driverless Waymo vehicle
Micron Awarded $6. Here's how I'm using it
Ibuprofeno. Now What. Can Language Models Solve Olympiad Programming. i. Where do we draw the line on using AI in TV and film. NET Challenge: XML v/s JSON Serialization
std::move = when std::optional should be launched
Impact of Generative Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare
Video Highlights: Gemini Ultra   How to Release an AI Product for Billions of Users   with Google's Lisa Cohen
Real-World Dataset Cleaning with Python Pandas. Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 144]
Live CEOing Ep 786: Design Review of Graphics, Geometry, Graphs
Can we do AI both FAST and SAFE. )
Beyond AGI, Can AI Help Save the Planet. Here's how to spot them. I created an extension that allows you to connect chatgpt chats to copilot and between previous/current chats. [D] How important is leetcode in ML. [D] Meta's H100 figure represents its H100 purchase as per company earnings call 1 Feb 2024. (4/20/2024)
Build an AI Chatbot in 5 Minutes | Full Guide. Tips on Adding JSON Output to Your CLI App
Meta Llama 3 Launch Part 2 - New Model Security and Performance Benchmarks
(NEW) [Product Initiative] Requirements Gathering Automation with AI Agents
What have you been learning. 5 of the Groundbreaking AI Safety Benchmark
New AI music generator makes songs from text prompts
Ed/Steven: Updates/London recap
How to: Make better ART with AI  - ComfyUI
Will Big Tech's AI Needs Solve Energy Issues. Go
Getting started with Open SaaS
HTML & Vue. India's Own ChatGPT, Hanooman, is going live on May 1st
Gemini 1. Making friends and dating as billionaire Steve Ballmer's son
Microsoft is annoying users again. Here's what it could do instead
Papers you must read. Apple Needs a True Low-End iPhone to Help Revive Growth
Unveiling Meta Llama 3: A Leap Forward in Large Language Models
Quoting Meta AI bot, answering a question on a forum
How to Run Llama 3 Locally with Ollama and Open WebUI
doom-htop
Top AI Tools for CEOs in E-Learning
Imbalanced data, what do you do. HTML - 16. id
Employee Management System using Python. What's the current state of recommendation algorithms/systems in machine learning research. If yes which one. Sending Emails with Python is too easy. Pandas vs Polars. Fine-Tuning GPT2 for Text Generation
tiny-world-map
AI Photo Jam - Live Stream - Join me & Have Fun
Llama 3 from Scratch. Reimagine Dune Part 2 | Let's Create AI Fan Art. Is that even a realistic goal. 82 bn from 2023-2027
Microsoft to forge AI partnerships with South Korean tech leaders
[D] Is the AI Workforce or Companies More Distributed Than Those in Other Tech Sectors. Why It is Important. Semantic Search with Vector Databases
Watch the first AI vs. Mystery Solved. Node. He prepared anyway. Researchers develop performance technology for aerial and satellite image extraction
First real-life Pixel 9 Pro pictures leak, and it has 16GB of RAM
Generative A. I. Its Role in AI Hardware
Researchers detect a new molecule in space
Machine Learning with PHP
OpenAI's GPT-4 outperforms doctors in another new study
More evidence suggests Apple will favor on-device AI over cloud services
NVIDIA AI Researchers Introduce ScaleFold: A Leap in High-Performance Computing for Protein Structure Prediction
What if ChatGPT is Actually a Tour Guide From Another World. I. How to choose. Reinforcement Learning, Part 2: Policy Evaluation and Improvement
Let's Think Outside the Box: Exploring Leap-of-Thought in Large Language Models with Creative Humor Generation
I've successfully deployed my first web app. S. 8B-parameter model that competes with GPT-3. 5
Ukrainian Coder's New Programming Language: One Big Data Structure
Adobe unveils Firefly Image 3 and a major upgrade to the AI capabilities of Photoshop
Perplexity is raising $250M+ at a $2. 5-$3B valuation for its AI search platform, sources say
Generative AI Funding Hits $25. [N] Phi-3-mini released on HuggingFace
Meta Opens Quest's Operating System to Other Device Makers | Horizon OS: Lifeline for the Metaverse. New AI Models are TOO BORING. I. Queensland's state library launched an AI war veteran chatbot. Every month I pay for a different LLM. What should I try next. 8B LLM for Your PHONE: 1st TEST
How-To Run Llama 3 LOCALLY with RAG. P. Chen/New York Times)
Can Spotify's AI Playlist Get the Vibes Right. 5 Strategies for Better Results from an AI Code Assistant
Meta Ray-Ban Smart Glasses Get AI Boost
Apple debuts OpenELM, a family of language models with 270M, 450M, 1. In this game, you type what you want to build. (Made with ChatGPT and Dall-E. I. Rises
Do employers want AI skills or AI-enhanced skills. NET Day on April 30. 8B Parameter Language Model Trained on 3. I. Superpower
PyTorch Releases Version 2. 3 with Focus on Large Language Models and Sparse Inference
One-Minute Daily AI News 4/24/2024
Mark Zuckerberg says Meta AI assistant has been  tried  by  tens of millions of people  and it will take Meta several years to make money from generative AI (Alex Heath/The Verge)
Here's Who's Winning the Global Fight for AI Talent
[D] Why is R^2 so crazy. 90% of Indian Internet Users are already using AI, says Report
Build an AI-powered campaign manager (Next. Free AI Webinar Alert: 'Is RAG Really Dead. Not everyone is convinced. I fine-tuned my model on a new programming language. You can do it too. This new tool helps you figure out which ones to trust. Europe taps deep learning to make industrial robots safer colleagues
[D] What is the best TTS model for my case. 7 End-to-End MLOps Platforms You Must Try in 2024
Integrate Llama3 Into Your Application with Just One Command. What Happens to the IT Industry. Sources: a Huawei-led consortium, backed by Chinese government funding, aims to compete with Nvidia by making high-bandwidth memory chips, used in GPUs, by 2026 (The Information)
Does AI Know What an Apple Is. She Aims to Find Out. How Safe Are Data Centres Move Towards Nuclear Energy. [D] Why transformers are not trained layer-wise. Sloan's Inbox: How to Approach Beginners Writing On Worn-Out Topics. Return of EM: Entity-driven Answer Set Expansion for QA Evaluation
Hybrid LLM/Rule-based Approaches to Business Insights Generation from Structured Data
ChEX: Interactive Localization and Region Description in Chest X-rays
Detecting Conceptual Abstraction in LLMs
ImplicitAVE: An Open-Source Dataset and Multimodal LLMs Benchmark for Implicit Attribute Value Extraction
Towards Systematic Evaluation of Logical Reasoning Ability of Large Language Models
No Train but Gain: Language Arithmetic for training-free Language Adapters enhancement
PRISM: Patient Records Interpretation for Semantic Clinical Trial Matching using Large Language Models
CASPR: Automated Evaluation Metric for Contrastive Summarization
Wiki-LLaVA: Hierarchical Retrieval-Augmented Generation for Multimodal LLMs
Meta's AI is now in your Instagram and Facebook. org/pdf/2404. 72B, vs. $12. 0. I. How to Build an End-to-End ML Platform
What's up with Alphabet and Microsoft lately. 4. 0. OpenAI's GPT-4 Can Autonomously Exploit 87% of One-Day Vulnerabilities, Study Finds
Introduction to Digital Signal Processing with Python
Google Thinks It Can Cash In on Generative AI. 3M to Pioneer Stem Cell Biology
What is Matter. Meet Meta AI: Your New Go-To Assistant for a Smarter You. What exactly is happening from a technical perspective. What exactly is happening from a technical perspective. What's next with AI. reduce() to fill
Researchers propose framework for future network systems
Tech Fund Invested in SpaceX, OpenAI Sinks After 1,000% Surge
How to build the skills needed for the age of AI
I can now summarize a 2. New LLM: Snowflake Arctic Model for SQL and Code Generation
Revolutionizing Web Automation: AUTOCRAWLER's Innovative Framework Enhances Efficiency and Adaptability in Dynamic Web Environments
Ocr model
A New AI Approach for Estimating Causal Effects Using Neural Networks
OpenAI vs Gemini : Function Calling & Autonomous Agent
Big Cloud is still making bank   Is this AI adoption, price rises, or what. It was so easy. I. 8B parameter package
Tailwind Handbook - Part II
AI Boom's Secret Winners. Tech Behind Text-to-Image, Text-to-Video, and Text-to-Speech AI Tools
[ML News] Devin exposed | NeurIPS track for high school students
A Preview of the AI Agent Future
Live CEOing Ep 794: Design Review of Sound & Vision Features
AI Will Make Us More Human
Real-Life GenAI Synthetic Data Use Case
Future of Science and Technology Q&A (April 26, 2024)
What Happened With Expert Systems. Public Transport Accessibility in Python
This optical illusion led me to develop a novel AI method to detect and track moving objects. g. , '. The technology can 'read' my paintings and help me compose music. Feature Engineering that Makes Business Sense
This AI Paper Proposes FLORA: A Novel Machine Learning Approach that Leverages Federated Learning and Parameter-Efficient Adapters to Train Visual-Language Models VLMs
Celebrate Earth Day by being aware of it's importance. Need Feedback. 0. 0. 0 Holds the Key. to chatbot. 4. An intro into AI, models, tokens, parameters, weights, quantization and more
[R] VMRNN: Integrating Vision Mamba and LSTM for Efficient and Accurate Spatiotemporal Forecasting
This is a submission for the Coze AI Bot Challenge
How to Build an OpenAI GPT Agent in less than 15 mins
You need everything other than ML to win a ML hackathon [D]
Can anyone suggest a good Cloud Computing service for me. Research topics in LLMs for a data scientist
CoderLogon: generate a logo for your GitHub repo
Prompt Engineering Best Practices: Chain of Thought Reasoning
What kinds of models other than neural networks/traditional machine learning that train on large sets of data have people developed to try to mimic true intelligence. Libraries. io Coze Plugin
Instruction Tuning OPT-125M
The Future of AI: How to Ensure a Positive Transition
TransformerFAM: Feedback attention is working memory
OpenAgents: Deploy Autonomous AI Agents - Coding, Data, Web, and OS Agents. 100% Local  AI Town  with Llama 3 AGENTS. Build Your Second Brain One Piece At A Time
I am Recording My college Journey To become a Software Engineer
Server-Side Rendering with Next. Elon Musk will face intense competition if he tries to bring Tesla's full self-driving technology to China
Financial Times Enters into a Content Licensing Agreement with OpenAI
Why AWS is the right choice for your data and analytics needs. Time Series Simulations: Signature Transformation Method in Python. OpenAI to train LLMs on Financial Times content   with permission
The Microsoft Phi-3-Mini is Mighty Impressive
Just got a phone call for an interview by a robot. I. Race
How I Combined Small Language Models to Automate Fact-Based Workflow like Financial Research
Amazon Bedrock Blueprint: Architecting AI Projects with Amazon Bedrock
How to Boost the Performance of Python Using the Caching Techniques. Microsoft Copilot failed every single one of my coding tests
A look at the rise of Mustafa Suleyman and Demis Hassabis, two of the most powerful AI executives, who grew up in London and met at Queen Elizabeth's School (New York Times)
Common Pitfalls To Avoid When Using Vector Databases
[D] Do Lead's in an AI/DS/ML team always have PhDs, is it a requirement. When Things Go Wrong, What and How to Communicate with the Non-AI Leadership. Remove the Fluff: Five Important Questions Businesses Should Ask Before Implementing AI in Their. com/install. Vercel AI SDK & LangChain streaming
What Does Evolution Tell Us about Human Intelligence. ' He says that's how it should be. S. Both are measuring the similarity/distance of two distribution
A Complete Noobs Guide to Vector Search, Part 1
The fastest way to launch customer-facing analytics in your apps. 4. 0 due to recently discovered vulnerability. Wasn't Exactly Made With Sora
Goodbye Internet. Why Everyone is Angry About the AI Safety Board
Live CEOing Ep 796: Design Review of Question Framework Features
Use AI for some free design assistance
LLMs: Rewriting Our Tomorrow (plus code) #ai
Is it a NEW OpenAI MODEL. Mysterious GPT2-Chatbot Outperforms GPT-4. [D]
I left my VP role at 25 to build a startup. Building a WhatsApp Customer Service Representative with Lyzr, Flask, Twilio, and OpenAI
On the internet, where does the line between person end and bot begin. 1% Accuracy in Medical Diagnostics
Taiwan Economy Grows at Fastest Pace Since 2021 on Chip Boom
Node. js vs. Python vs. 5. 7 billion investment to advance Indonesia's Cloud and AI ambitions
Open-Source MS-DOS 4. I. 5. I. 3 industry leaders discuss how businesses can embrace it. Now he's using AI to help you plan your next road trip. Microsoft and Axel Springer plan ad-funded AI chatbots for news
Presentation: Building Guardrails for Enterprise AI Applications W/ LLMs
Meta and Google Are Betting on AI Voice Assistants. Will They Take Off. Enhancing Trust in LLM-Generated Code Summaries with Calibrated Confidence Scores
Understanding Neuro-Symbolic AI: Integrating Symbolic and Neural Approaches
Myth vs. m. 5 or GPT-5. Extending Llama-3 to 1M+ Tokens  -  Does it Impact the Performance. Unauthorized AI Voice Clones of Taylor Swift Face Removal From TikTok
Elon Musk's AI Startup xAI Expands to Japan
Illuminating AI: The Transformative Potential of Neuromorphic Optical Neural Networks
Deepfake detection by FacePlugin-Safeguarding Remote Onboarding
9 AI Frameworks to Solve Crime
[D] Why do juniors (undergraduates or first- to second-year PhD students) have so many papers at major machine learning conferences like ICML, ICLR, NeurIPS, etc. Here's how that went. It May Be Hard to Find Out
Nvidia makes it easier to get GeForce Now running on the Steam Deck
[D] Current state of Chatbot pipelines in Commercial settings. )
AI Copilots Are Changing How Coding Is Taught
Some developers are releasing longer context windows for Llama 3 thanks to Meta's open-source approach; Llama 3 has a short context window of 8,000+ tokens (Kalley Huang/The Information)
How to spot fake online reviews (with a little help from AI)
How to create and monetize UI library. Now He Asks: What if It Fixes Everything. S. etc. How many papers are really groundbreaking. 0
[D] Benchmark creators should release their benchmark datasets in stages
Computer Vision Meetup: Making LLMs Safe & Reliable
Generative AI App Aids Emergency Room Note-Taking
Computer Vision Meetup: Develop a Legal Search Application from Scratch using Milvus and DSPy. Newspapers Sue OpenAI, Microsoft Over Unauthorized Article Use
From Social Science to Data Science
Revolutionize Your Content with AI Article Rewriting in Python. K. AI can now generate entire songs on demand. What does this mean for music as we know it. What are you excited about based on the career you've built so far and where you predict it's gonna take you. Pt-2
Microsoft bans US police departments from using enterprise AI tool for facial recognition
Why OpenAI Should Become Open-Source
AI Is Gathering a Growing Amount of Training Data Inside Virtual Worlds
Comparing PyTorch and JAX
[Discussion] Should I go to ICML and present my paper. I built a new in-browser AI Video generator. AMD's next-gen Radeon GPUs might feature completely new ray tracing hardware
What's your opinions about KAN. Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs): A New Era of Interpretability and Accuracy in Deep Learning
Microsoft says it did a lot for responsible AI in inaugural transparency report
[Discussion] Seeking help to find the better GPU setup. Three H100 vs Five A100. ai, which have been valued between $1. 2B and $2. Microsoft Eats into Amazon's Cloud Market Share
5 Simple Steps to Automate Data Cleaning with Python
Microsoft Invests $2. But what are Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks. How mollusk-inspired bots could tackle tough jobs
The Power of Self-Managed Content
Did an OpenAI Outage Briefly Break Every Rabbit R1. Large Language Model Operations (LLMops) on AWS
Meta's Llama3 AI: ChatGPT Intelligence. For Free. Making Prompts Work Better for You
New Discovery: Retrieval Heads for Long Context
780: How to Become a Data Scientist   with Dr. Google DeepMind at ICLR 2024
Visual Language Intelligence and Edge AI 2. Put my foot down and refused to go ahead with what would amount to almost 8 hours of interviews for a senior data scientist position. it's not a terrible idea. Unleash ollama potential w. 60$ from my books-for-indies app and. it's totally fine. Create an A. I. Driven Product with Computer Vision and ChatGPT
[D] software to design figures
How much did your grad program help you get a job. The Art of Computer Vision For Beginners
Danger and opportunity for news industry as AI woos it for vital human-written copy
Dev News: Google Dev Layoffs, Flow Updates, Jira AI Assistant
My Microsoft Generative AI Journey
[D] The  it  in AI models is really just the dataset. Open WebUI (Ollama) - SUPER EASY. CrewAI with Open LLM (Llama 3) using Groq API: AI Agents for Data Analysis with Custom Tools
RAG. | RAG Explained | Analytics India Guru
Why is there an output token limit for GPt-4 (and other LLMs). Introducing the Open Leaderboard for Hebrew LLMs. translation is not localization
One-Minute Daily AI News 5/5/2024
Guides to the Web Performance - HTML + CSS - For Beginners
How are large network attack datasets made. There's a messy battle over AI going on in DC &mdash; and there's no end in sight
Autonomous Weapons have reached the  Oppenheimer Moment. It's time for an AI-inspired change
What Are HTML Meta Tags And What Is Their Importance. Deciphering Transformer Language Models: Advances in Interpretability Research
IPhone Maker Hon Hai's April Sales Rise 19% in Positive Signal
[D] Is there a more systematic way of choosing the layers or how deep the architecture goes when creating a neural network. 5 Tips to prepare for a coding interview. Prompt Like a Data Scientist: Auto Prompt Optimization and Testing with DSPy
The Document Object Model
U. S. tech dominates generative AI boom and cost of model training explains why
Transformers: From NLP to Computer Vision
Expressive AI Avatars by Synthesia
Enhancing Software Development with Generative AI: Beyond the Hype
Use own face with apps like copilot
A 10-Minute Template to Build an AI Assistant on HuggingFace
Unlocking the Power of Python: Why It's Your Ultimate Programming Partner
Simplify PDF Generation in Node. Elon Musk's AI-powered 'Stories'
AI Doesn't Threaten Humanity. eu)
How to set up. Can one help solve the other. Exploring LLM Strategies: A Journey through Prompt Engineering, Functional Calling, RAG, and. Superior Alternatives to MLPs. Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks Eclipse MLPs in Accuracy and Efficiency
Apple's third-gen AirPods are back on sale for $140
A local YouTube Q&A Engine using Llama. Not Everyone Is a Fan
AI-Powered Frontend UI Components Generator (Next. 99
What Is the American Privacy Rights Act, and Who Supports It. Is Generative AI Having Its Oppenheimer Moment. I. Tell Us How. ai Review: The #1 AI Background Noise Remover. 3 things to consider
9 Innovative Use Cases of AI in Australian Businesses in 2024
Podcast: Open Table Formats Reshaping the Data Industry   A Deep Dive with Ryan Blue
Three Mechanisms to Protect Your Git Repositories
Opera's AI assistant can now summarize web pages on Android
Training an Small Language Model
OpenAI and Stack Overflow partner to bring more technical knowledge into ChatGPT
UK-based Wayve, which is developing a self-learning system for autonomous driving, raised a $1. I. my experience learning python so far in phase 3
Stack Overflow signs a deal with OpenAI to supply data to its models; new integrations between Stack Overflow and OpenAI will be available by the end of June (Kyle Wiggers/TechCrunch)
10 Steps to Become a Web Developer
Install Python 3. Why is this. OpenAI just announed, they are partnering with Stack Overflow to use it as a database for LLM. Global VC Funding Isn't Slowing, But It's Not Growing Either, April Numbers Show
Is Microsoft Competing with OpenAI. - Et tu, Microsoft. Can it replace the human touch. 5 Pro Tutorial. An LLM from Scratch
N-Queen's Problem Solution
Crypto. AI. Builds & Deploy Apps End-to-End. S. Meta's AI tools for advertisers can now create full new images, not just new backgrounds
Container size analysis: TensorFlow 2. Go with it or challenge it. C. [D]
Creating AI Apps Using RAG & LangChain: A Step-by-Step Developer Guide. 1. 0
Biden to Announce A. I. Here are 15 top quotes from Berkshire's bash. What Is a Latent Space. Do you context switch. Is this mystery chatbot really GPT-4. 13. 0 beta 1 released
OpenAI Exploring How to Make AI-Generated Porn
How machines Learn: A look into machine learning. Exploring EfficientAD: Accurate Visual Anomaly Detection at Millisecond-Level Latencies: A Brief. Open AI's Media Manager Empowers Content Creators
AI-generated deepfake images are getting harder to spot as technology advances
The Pre-trainer's toolkit: From dataset construction to model scaling
MemGPT: Creating Powerful Agents with Unlimited Memory. (Installation)
Apple Unveils iPad Pro with AI Chip to Compete with Tech Rivals
Amazon Launches Bedrock Studio to Simplify Development of Generative AI Apps
You Couldn't Do THIS With ChatGPT A Year Ago. xml
Hypothesis Testing Simplified. 8. Meet My A. I. Friends
Microsoft Announces $3. When For an LLM is Enough. Congratulations. TSMC Keeps Sales Growth Up in April as AI Drives 60% Jump
How LLMs Know When to Stop Generating. Here Are 5 Mistakes To Avoid. 5. -10. 4. 2024)
Meet Kevin's A. I. It generates responses backed with peer-reviewed literature and can also summarize research articles. Microsoft invests $3. Find Edges in Shortest Paths
Keep it Simple, Storage
Top Companies Building Humanoid AI Robots
What are web components. k. My AI dating your AI could be the future of online dating, Bumble founder says. 'No. No. Truly. '
Do Enormous LLM Context Windows Spell the End of RAG. X
Explainer: What Is Artificial Intelligence. [P] Google Colab crashes before even training my images dataset. g. The problem. Are there any effective data analytics bosses/leaders. K. EP62: What is gpt4l-auto. Which GPT2-chatbot is best. Should you stop your education because of AI. And Is DPO Better Than PPO. What is a Low-Code Software Development AI Framework. We take a closer look
Superhuman. Also, was it entry-level or mid-level. Anyone else getting this absurd ad in their feed. Revolutionizing Security Operations: The Power of AI Integration
France bags billions from Amazon and Microsoft in AI investment
Deep learning enhanced mixed integer optimization: Learning to reduce model dimensionality
Intel Releases a Low-bit Quantized Open LLM Leaderboard for Evaluating Language Model Performance through 10 Key Benchmarks
SoftBank Scores Another Profit to Fuel Arm-Centered AI Shift
Podcast: If LLMs Do the Easy Programming Tasks - How are Junior Developers Trained. What Have We Done. 5: True Apache 2. Python vs Other Programming Languages in DevOps
Llama 3 + Llama. When consumers would prefer a chatbot over a person
OpenAI releases faster model to power ChatGPT
Don't Let the Python dir() Function Trick You. OpenAI's custom GPT Store is now open to all for free
Cruise is back driving autonomously for the first time since pedestrian-dragging incident
OpenAI Shows Off New GPT-4o Generative AI Model and More ChatGPT Upgrades
Google teases new camera-powered AI feature one day ahead of I/O
Integrating a custom AI copilot into a new
Quick Guide to Becoming AWS Data Engineer
OpenAI GPT-4o: The New Best AI Model in the World. Like in the Movies. Researchers explore the limitations of mental health chatbots in LGBTQ+ communities
OpenAI Just Killed Google Translate with GPT-4o
Leveraging AI in Video Editing: An Exploration of Cutting-Edge Tools for Developers
LLM 0. ChatGPT Plus: Is a paid subscription still worth it. Yet. Towards Sustainable Data Engineering Patterns
More and more people are choosing to use AI tools to write papers
Vidur: A Large-Scale Simulation Framework Revolutionizing LLM Deployment Through Cost Cuts and Increased Efficiency
OpenAI Unleashes GPT-4o. Humanity: Who Will Come Out on Top. Large Language Model (LLM) Training Data Is Running Out. How Close Are We To The Limit. Korean AI Chip Startup Raises $80. [D] How do you get better at reading proof in the ML papers, with background in CS only. 5 Free University Courses to Learn Machine Learning
Why ChatGPT feels more  intelligent  than Google Search
A. I. Google I/O
Neural Networks and Nucleotides: AI in Genomic Manufacturing
Ilya and OpenAI are going to part ways. Could that impact web traffic. Google's Gmail of the future looks incredible
OpenAI chief scientist Ilya Sutskever is officially leaving
MambaOut: Do We Really Need Mamba for Vision. Here's what happened. Google IO: Agents is The Future - Demos
Stephen Wolfram Readings: Why Does Biological Evolution Work. Google's Enhanced Search
[R]  Matryoshka representation learning (MRL) for CLIP (& SigLip)
IMF boss warns of AI 'tsunami' coming for world's jobs
Photographer of the Future. I. [D] Those in the industry, how are you using open source LLMs. What does having a long context window mean for an AI model. For self-driving cars, the free ride is over
Earn vs. Learn: Solving a Fishing Inspired Multi-Armed Bandit Problem
I'm doing my PhD and helped develop a ChatGPT tool for chemistry. It provides information on molecular compounds and chemical reactions, with external access to over 100 million compounds (making ChatGPT more reliable). OpenAI overtakes Google in race to build the future, but who wants it. 3 Reasons Data Engineers Should Embrace Apache Iceberg
Testing in Node. Should I. Announcing my new Django package: django-admin-export. It's chaos. 5m seed round
New Benchmark Lets Businesses Test Language Model Document Handling Skills
Open Source Initiative tries to define Open Source AI
Will Artificial Intelligence Replace Programmers. This AI Research from Stanford and UC Berkeley Discusses How ChatGPT's Behavior is Changing Over Time
MagicBrush: A Manually Annotated Dataset for Instruction-Guided Image Editing
DEBATE: Devil's Advocate-Based Assessment and Text Evaluation
Optimizing MySQL Database Performance: Identifying and Managing Long Queries
U. K. Needleman/Wall Street Journal)
I prompted AI to summarize Google's 45-page book about how to write the best AI prompts. Here are the key takeaways. But bottom should be moved to left side. AI Chatbots Are Promising but Limited in Promoting Healthy Behavior Change
Get ChatGPT Equivalent in Under 5 Minutes with Ollama & Open WebUI
OpenAI partners with Reddit to put users' posts in ChatGPT
Commit: Add a shared credentials relationship from twitter. com to x. model building/tuning. How does ChatGPT generate human-like text. It said it would find him guilty. AI Introduces Yi-1. GPT-4o: Key Updates and Comparative Analysis
How to Install MongoDB Locally on a MacBook
Managing Data with SQL: CRUD Operations Made Simple
Your Google Search results are about to look very different. Here are 4 reasons why
Linux pip install problems
Exploring Causality with Python. Synthetic Control Group. Keras 3. When Will We Achieve AGI. Now AI Can Fix This. Science & Technology Q&A for Kids (and others) [Part 145]
Basics of Statistics
VectorShift: Create GPT-4o AI Agents with a Drag-and-Drop UI. AI counter app from my PyCon US keynote
[R] Grounding DINO 1. 5 Release: the most capable open-set detection model
Gemini 1. 1: New Monitoring Tool Window, Collection Vizualizer,. Open Interpreter Quick Setup Guide
[R] Do Llamas Work in English. bonus point if I also get the type of vehicles
GPT 4o - Deep Dive Review - AGI. Here's what it said. No JavaScript, HTML and CSS needed. Deep Learning: What's the Difference. Thinking of how we should follow AI. AI coding startup Replit, which raised $220M+ and was last valued at $1B, lays off 30 employees, or 20% of its staff, and pivots to enterprise sales (Stephanie Palazzolo/The Information)
Chinese firms are selling  AI-in-a-box  products for companies to run on premises; Huawei estimates the Chinese market for such machines will hit ~$2. 3B in 2024 (Financial Times)
User Evaluation AI
Do you have both a ML engineer and a MLOps engineer on your team. My first cpp game. Update v1. 2 of the  Little Book of Deep Learning. [D] How did OpenAI go from doing exciting research to a big-tech-like company. What are the best ways to go about finding employment again in this market. 5 Flash for Lower-Latency and More Efficient AI Serving
Yes, you still need old-school NLP skills in  the age of ChatGPT
The Two Documents Every Data Scientist Must Write Before Taking Interviews
Cracking GPT Assistants: Extracting Prompts and Associated Files
AI Digital Divide Crisis: Why Should You Care. This AI Paper from Huawei Introduces a Theoretical Framework Focused on the Memorization Process and Performance Dynamics of Transformer-based Language Models (LMs)
[D] Does DSPy actually change the LM weights. js Express. AI vs Software Engineers
Microsoft, Meta, Google and others pitch smaller language models that are cheaper to build and train, to lower costs and hardware requirements for generative AI (Financial Times)
AI chatbots' safeguards can be easily bypassed, say UK researchers
[D] Are LLM observability tools really used in startups and companies. Fine Tuning Phi 1. 0. Political Candidates Approve
Understanding NumPy: Datatypes, Memory Storage, and Structured Arrays. Michael Dell Says AI Is Going to Be Everywhere
Here are all of the just-announced Copilot+ PCs with Snapdragon X Chips
New Windows AI feature records everything you've done on your PC
Can AI Make the PC Cool Again. Microsoft Thinks So. in Minecraft. Can AI save them. 8B
Search will be the future of LLM and AI Applications. Anthropic Figured Out a Way to Look Inside
What are Vector Databases. Now, the new CEO is investigating. A French AI startup, simply called H and founded by ex-Google DeepMind scientists, raised $220M from Accel and others, and plans a model capable of reasoning (Mark Bergen/Bloomberg)
I made a Market Research Tool to market my Market Research Tool. I. Listen. Human Touch vs. I. 's Black Boxes Just Got a Little Less Mysterious | Researchers at the A. I. 'I'm the new Oppenheimer. OpenAI
Master the Art of Writing Engineering Blogs & Articles. [D] How to combine PhD in Machine learning with Cloud and Distributed Systems. TikTok turns to generative AI to boost its ads business
Symbolic Music Generation Using Deep Neural Networks
IBM Unveils Concert, a GenAI-Driven Solution to Streamline Application Operations
Dr. Now we're unionized, I'm feeling hopeful. Coding Copilots
Amazon looks set to launch a paid-for, generative AI-powered Alexa this year
Private Preview of GitHub Copilot Extensions Customize AI Coding Assistance
How to Automate Test Generation with AI: Using CodiumAI Cover-Agent
GenAI Byte - KAN: Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks
What is prompt optimization. Q&A: What are deepfakes and should we be worried. I am open-sourcing my human segmentation dataset for creating a truly open background remover model. I will upload the model weights soon. Feedback welcome. As much as the show was a joke, this is actually amazing. I. 04B, vs. $24. How to Avoid Getting Replaced by GPT-4o
Khoj: Personal Opensource AI Copilot - Deploy Powerful Autonomous AI Agents. How. Praktika, which lets users create personalized AI-powered avatars to make learning a language feel more natural, raised a $35. cl
Topic: conversational
Topic: causal inference
Topic: agi
Topic: ai applications
Topic: cases
Topic: coding
Topic: astra
Topic: announcements
Topic: industry
Topic: driving
Topic: extension
Topic: employee
Topic: current
Topic: chatbots
Topic: exit
Topic: app
Topic: executive
Topic: databases
Topic: ai startups
Topic: antitrust
Topic: categorical
Topic: bill
Topic: ai-generated content
Topic: and natural language processing
Topic: ai race
Topic: modeling
Topic: computer science
Topic: llama
Topic: application
Topic: assistant
Topic: artificial intelligence tools
Topic: artificial
Topic: guide
Topic: data
Topic: cohen
Topic: ai tools
Topic: chatbot
Topic: ai expo
Topic: databricks
Topic: airpods
Topic: ai advances
Topic: frameworks
Topic: ai voice
Topic: advanced ai models
Topic: ai pact
Topic: career advice
Topic: boss
Topic: equity
Topic: ai industry
Topic: chinese
Topic: abstract
Topic: cs. AI and CRISPR: Revolutionizing Genome Editing and Precision Medicine
Topic: aircraft
Sloan's Inbox: Any advice for avoiding burnout. 3: An Instruct Fine-Tuned Version of the Mistral-7B-v0. Topic: azure openai
Ola Has Nothing to Do with Microsoft Azure Anymore
Topic: llm
Topic: azure data
Topic: box
Topic: cs. #2 - Building infrastructure on AWS
Topic: future
Topic: product
[P] ReproModel: Open Source ML Research Toolbox. This is what it means for climate change. js and Node. com
Topic: edge
Topic: ban
Recap of Google I/O 2024: Gemini 1. ai Selected for 2024 GitHub Accelerator: Enabling the Next Wave of Innovation in Enterprise RAG with Small Specialized Language Models
Can Scale Become the 'Data Foundry' for AI. Here is a cool one 'LLMWare. Using memes, social media users have become red teams for half-baked AI features
Topic: ai development
Topic: democratic
Topic: alphabet
Build a Recommendation System using BERT & Pinecone
Topic: fundamentals
Topic: ai in cybersecurity
How to Use the  Tag with Multiple Values Using the map Method in React. Can LLMs Solve longer Math Word Problems Better. ChatGPT, Neuralink's First Patient Opens Up, and Microsoft's A. I. css. Topic: classifier
Topic: ai at work
5 New AI Features that will Take Your Productivity to the Next Level
Topic: ai insights & analysis
Dell's stock rose 4. 3% to close at $160. 17% in 2024 (Yuvraj Malik/Reuters)
Topic: dell
Topic: rally
Topic: file
Topic: break it down
Topic: assumptions
Google's IDX: The Future of Web Dev. | John Naughton
Who's Going to Buy Humane for a Billion Dollars. Topic: bugs
Large Language Model (LLM): In and Out
Is Learning AI Essential for Software Engineers. '
LangChain: Function Calling
The Past, Present, and Future of Data Quality Management: Understanding Testing, Monitoring, and. The Power of CSS in Styling-up Forms
[D] Showcase ML Model Results Using Business Metrics
Topic: business metrics
#PYTHON SELENIUM ARCHITECTURE AND THE SIGNIFICANT OF PYTHON VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT#
A Guide to Python Lists, Tuples, Dictionaries, and Sets
Topic: hallucinations
[D] Geospatial Trend Analysis Recommendations
Topic: ai supercomputer
Looking for Angular Mentor
Automate ANY Task With AI - No Code AI Framework. why. ). Better Call your Agent. 5 for Outreach Emails
Topic: ai investments
Tutorial recommendations on how to optimize parameters and model selection in BERTopic. He says you shouldn't major in it if you fall into one of these 3 categories. Topic: string
Topic: graduate
Can LLMs Truly Understand Text-based Emotion. [P] ReRecall: I tried to recreate Microsoft's Recall using open-source models & tools
Topic: embedding
[D] US governments AI safety and security board. Is it a fair list. From PhD to Industry for NLP
Python for school students
Topic: circle
Apple's WWDC may include AI-generated emoji and an OpenAI partnership
Topic: components
Topic: element
A closer look at Apple's AI strategy: Project Greymatter, local and cloud LLM data processing, Siri, approach to the chatbot partnership with OpenAI, and more (Mark Gurman/Bloomberg)
Managing Machine Learning Projects
Topic: programming
Why Representation Finetuning is the Most Efficient Approach Today. Here's what that means. Would training LLM using Chinese be more efficient due to higher semantic density per byte. ). 0, Semantic Kernel for Java 1. Not allowed to use an alternative at work, and it's just so. Topic: prediction
[D] Was Fractal Net Ever Expanded Upon. AI learns a trick in a video game to get infinite points
ICLR 2024   Best Papers & Talks (ImageGen, Vision, Transformers, State Space Models, and other Learning Representations) ft. Pretty good, we're told
Topic: document
Topic: banking
Topic: exec
AI Market Dynamics: Open Vs. Closed, Direct Vs. What is the overall industry trend. They Mixed Every small LLM  Into One LARGE Expert. ReFusion: Improving Natural Language Understanding with Computation-Efficient Retrieval Representation Fusion
Stop. 1m to help businesses deploy LLMs
Google AI Overview Changes Internet Forever, Pushes Only High-Quality Content
Topic: ai in search
What are Single Page Applications (SPAs). OpenAI researcher who resigned over safety concerns joins Anthropic
OpenAI Says It Has Begun Training a New Flagship A. I. org/pdf/2405. ai
The Worst Google AI Answers So Far
Topic: ecosystem
Deploying llama. Top 5 Cloud Trends U. K. Businesses Should Watch in 2024
[D] Should the embedding matrix and final pre-softmax matrix be shared in transformers. Ex-OpenAI Director Says Board Learned of ChatGPT Launch on Twitter
Topic: conversations
Ex-OpenAI board member reveals what led to Sam Altman's brief ousting
In a podcast, former OpenAI board member Helen Toner says the board learned of ChatGPT's launch on Twitter, criticizes Sam Altman's leadership on safety, more (Shirin Ghaffary/Bloomberg)
Topic: board member
J. P. Is the DS equivalent  close to the math. Topic: murati
Topic: advanced analytics
Deep Learning in Healthcare: Challenges, Applications, and Future Directions
Topic: mira murati
The Rise of Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) in Artificial Intelligence AI
Create Content, Conversations, and Code with New Phi-3 and Granite Code Model Families
Users prefer wrong answers when written by AI
WARNING: Bad News for CHATGPT. Topic: management
Topic: business growth
OpenAI is training GPT-4's successor. ro
Do You Need a Degree to Be a Data Scientist. Now, 'IntelliPhones' are coming. Topic: death
[R] Why using the Gumbel-Softmax is better than just using Softmax. Topic: differentiable
Evaluating the External and Parametric Knowledge Fusion of Large Language Models
MASSIVE Multilingual Abstract Meaning Representation: A Dataset and Baselines for Hallucination Detection
A Flirty Chatbot Is What You Get With So Few Women in Tech
How AI could change EV charging
Topic: cto
Topic: company building
Topic: discourse
What are AI Agents. How do you make one. Topic: c3. NET Dev Tools Integrate Gen AI Prompts
AI Semiconductor Revenue to Reach $21B in 2024; Gartner
Is Synthetic Data a Reliable Option for Training Machine Learning Models. Here are four rules to help you decide
Topic: input
AI Is Not Hype, Says C3. LLM AI Demystified
PwC inks deal with OpenAI to become first ChatGPT Enterprise reseller
OpenAI Says Russia and China Used Its A. I. Best Opensource Coding LLM